Bakwas hai
You have to pay for it?
I cancelled my subscription and they still charged me for it I never even used it
I cant sleep most of the time so tried this out and it almost gave me a panic attach so yeah no thanks
Terrible, should explain that payment details are needed before they even let you try it.
Fraud app. Doesn't work. Money laundering acheme
asks for login :/
Flashes my screen on and off and can't do anything on my phone when it does
Joke . .crappy over priced recordings. Most rippped from legitiment people.
Bildirim ayarı yok. günde 3 kere bildirim yolluyor ve gün içerisinde sürekli rahatsız ediyor. Gece uyurken bildirim yolluyor. Derdimi anlatamamışım sanırım ben bildirimleri komple kapatmak istemiyorum. günlük aktivitemi gerekirse hatırlatsın ama bana seçenek sunsun. 3 saatte bir bir bahane ile şunu denerseniz diye öneri bildirimi istemiyorum.
Useless
I don't understand the obligatory need of a account to simply try out the app. I do not want to create a account on a app I may not even like and I won't. Please take that in consideration and make the possibility to try out the app before creating a account to "save data".
They are making my mom pay 60 dollars when i unsubscribed
Yeeeeahnooo! They say it is free but it isn't! Don't waste your time downloading this!
Wrost app don't download. ,..... Making fool
I paid $31.49 for the membership but it still doesn't give me the full features. When I click on a meditation program it tells me to start a 7 day free trial or pay for the full app. It's a waste of money. Even if you pay you still don't get the full features.
Anxiety and doubt in myself melt melt into a more manageable thing for me.Thank You AND THEN THE CHARGES CAME..OK, FINE .I WANT A YEARS SUB. BUT THEN YOU STARTED ME BACK AT FREE TRIAL AND GOING TO CHARGE ME AGAIN??????? NO WAY!!
60$?!!!! Really????
When I signed up it said 5.99 a month subscription but then charge me 59.99 for a whole year I didn't sign up for that and feel like the company played me
So far nothing
You need to pay before using the app, so unfortunately can only give a 1 star as was restricted and unable to test the app first before purchasing it
It costs!
very bad
Annoying spam.
Not posibl to eval
Krap
This App is far too expensive no wonder not many people have the premium version. @£51 PER year absolutely disgusting .will be uninstalling imminently.
All are in not a local language then not for me
No options for shorter subscriptions which are more easily managed financially.
I had shared with my friend and I didn't get the 2week subscription it's really bad experience and yes I do log out and log in again
Terrible that's all I have to say. This just pisses me off.
Very expensive
App not free
You have to buy everything :/
👎🌎😳😡💕😢😳💪🕳️🌍😰🌍😡😡🌍👎👎👎😎🌝🤩😂👤👤🙏✋🤨😜😜😜😜😐🙃
Scam. You get 7 whole days free. The 5 bucks a month. Many cheaper and free apps out there. Definitely not worth it!
🚮
59.99 for a trial
Why do I need to log In?
Way too expensive! I tried to see if I would even like the app in the first place but on first opening, was urged to give credit card # to subscribe. Why would I subscribe before I've even had a chance to try it out without the pressure? De-installing.
I would love to continue with the app as it was advertised for free.... but, I was only given a two week "free" period and I will not give any banking information for this app to continue. Thanks.
Ok so I was using my email but then I SEE THEY WANT 59.99 FOR A MONTH OR A YEAR AND I UNSTALLD IT
How do I cancel subscription? I wanted to try free trial but i dont have $60 to pay for subscription at moment. Please help. CAN SOMEONE PLEASE HELP ANS ANSWER
Poor application and ofcourse not free "thats not bad"
Not paying $60 a month for this 😂 very misleading.
Жадность разработчиков уже копает их приложению могилу! Классно, но не стоит своих денег!
Only after installing ask for a lot or money!!!
Bad you have to pay for it
Suddenly the Daily Meditation is a Premium feature... What the heck? Without any warning! Basically, without a Premium membership you can only do the first steps and the sleep meditation, every other one is locked
This app triggers my anxiety just trying to scroll through everything
Have to pay for basically everything
Sadly I can't give a negative star. Something that I thought was going to help me relax, no. Just wanted more money. Pay at your own will/risk. But it will not help, in the long run.
tried premium. not worth it. limited stuff. bad content. yet asks for premium pay.
Frustrating and anxiety-inducing to get started. Pass!
So anytime I click on any field for creating the account or logging in, the 
app crashes.
I dont like paying for things
Tooooo costly
You can't do much If you don't get premium and to get a free trial of premium you need to put in your card details and I don't what to do that. Just trying to find one thing that's free give me so much stress that there is no point and just to get a free app like this. I just wish that there where more things on this app that where free so I don't have to get premium
this thing stops android
I cant give it a zero stars so heres a 1 star. NOT EVEN 5 SECONDS INTO THE APP IT FORCES ME TO PAY A SUBSCRIPTION FEE. I HAVENT EVEN USED IT AND YOU WANT ME TO GIVE YOU MONEY?! TF?!
No option for monthly payment. Im not going to pay nearly $60 for something i may not enjoy using 2 months down the road. I wony even use the free trial for fear of forgetting amd being charged. Rediculous.
Just wish it was free. I couldn't even use the app.
eski telefonumla giriş yapabilmeme rağmen yeni telefonla mail adresim ve şifrelemle giriş yapamıyorum! Yanlış uyarısı veriyor! Uygulamayı satınaldım ama şimdi kullanamıyorum.
Unable to download the app. Tried multiple times.
All the music give me creepy vibes when I'm trying to sleep and the story's are just not relaxing if any wants to sleep better download calm
So you login with your email. 7days free huh?What? Then I have to pay. Please... Not Cool! They should say up front to be honest.
i need free app! just uninstall it!
Watch out!! As soon as you open the app, it takes your credit card info from Google play and signs you up for a $60 premium membership. They make it hellaciously difficult to unsubscribe. Also, I'm pretty sure at least a couple of the top reviews are bots or plants.
Hate it
Not free
Complete Waste App, Don't get fool by these fake reviews and install this app. Can't run even the free demo without giving your bank card information and after 3 days its on auto deduction. BEWARE!!
False advertisement, "free trial period" charged, hard to deal with, although I have to admit some of the recordings of meditation are great.
All of the meditation I wanted to do needed you to buy premium and I'm a teenager so I dont have money
There's no option to cancel the trial before it's due and afterwards it will keep trying to charge
My kid downloaded this and they stole 64.00 my kid didnt know any better
Typos galore, and it's incessant about pushing the premium subscription at every opportunity. It also claims to be the "Best Global App", but this isn't a real thing. I'm not interested in a dishonest source of meditation tools.
I can't even try it? Pay up front for access :( Disappointed
Bad reviews for apps that require subscriptions first thing when opening.
They should put that this is only free for a 7 day trial BEFORE you sign up. I'm not signing up for anything without seeing what it is. Nope. Plenty of other apps that show you what it has and how it works Before you sign up for a trial for premium access or whatever.
Três dias tentando registrar uma conta e nada...
Pathetic. Paid content and a waste of time. Better find some relaxing music on YouTube.
Pay for service app, first fill card details.
This music most me pay money!
Someone used my debit card details and made payment to meditopia app for 1 year subscription of rs. 2999.00. Please revert my amount
Do not even attempt to download it it is full of junk and then they want to charge you $60 and nothing even helps you
this app seems like its a free app with inapp purchases but NOO. you cant use a single function before you create a profile and pay for it. it would be better if I had a chance to try it for a while and then decide.
Before it allows you access to the app you have to sign up for premium. I don't want premium and my little sister clicked on is. I will be irate if I get charged for a service I do not use. I will update this review. Do not use this app!!!!!!
They charge money not free
EXPENSIVE!!! WHY PAY FOR SOMETHING I CAN FIND FOR FREE ON YOUTUBE!! LOL YOU CRAZY!!
False advertising a Nice graphic with an android
I was enjoying the free version of the app even though the ads to ask me to use the trial version were a bit annoying. Today it wouldn't let me meditate without signing up for the trial. For a product that promotes inner well being, your sales tactics are less than noble. If I wanted to buy it, I would but forcing me into it under the guise a free trial I didnt ask for is too manipulative for my tastes.
It didn't gives what it promises
Not free trial, gives instantly paid rewneal
Too expensive! There is free apps that do the same!! Sorry not sorry! Youtube has amazing options!😏
$59.99 per year...nope, too stressful
It is worst then meditation app like calm... So difficult to change the background music which rise so irritation...
Way too expensive
Forces you to purchase, won't stop harassing you about it, only has mindfulness ones that talk to you. No straight music. If I wanted someone to talk me and have to pay for it to sleep I'd go to college.
Downloaded it coz i saw a great advertising of this app, but this app have nothing with it.
It wasn't free!!!...rude
all videos are not loading (endless loading)
worst app ever, fake ads
Have to pay
I better not get charged. Not paying 60$
Yall must be on crack..60 bucks?gtfoh
Bla bla bla
Paid
Why you need to setup account on android version but not on iOS version? Yes, there is AppleID option but not mandatory to try out some programs
It is a pain to try and download its almost impossible ive been trying for over 10 minutes to gwt it to download
It doesn't work without subscription
Hidden agenda
La verdad que son poquísimos los audios que se pueden reproducir gratis. Estan buenos, pero no vale la pena.
Unless you are okay with it signing you up and charging you for a yearly subscription that's $60 on it's own don't download. You also can't end the subscription in the app considering I downloaded it again to cancle the subscription that it charged me for. I had to go through google play to cancle the subscription. Complete scam.
60 Bucks
The seven day trial amounts to little more than a scam. I didn't find the app useful so I cancelled after the second day. Only to find that I was billed the $60 and the email from Google Play said I would not receive a refund. When I contacted their support directly they said now I am out of their refund window and they couldn't help me but I could continue to use their app for the next year. Absolutely terrible customer support.
Why I need to share you my credit card credentials whiteout test de app previously? It is rediculus
Not good
My friend recommended this app and that I would get 30days free trial but am only seeing 7days free trial. How do I claim 30days offer? And also can I cancel before the end the free trial ?
Downloaded. Signed in to google. "Start your 7 day free trial". Then seen it was $60... not good. Uninstalled pretty fast.
Ставлю такую оценку, потому что взяла пробный период, пользовалась одним днём и забыла, т.к не понравилось, в итоге сняли деньги за то чем я не пользовалась
O app não é nada do que a propaganda mostra.
10 seconds into the app and I'm asked for my credit card details to make a 1-year subscription. Even for the 7 day trial you need to give the credit card, which will automatically be charged if you forget to cancel it at the end of the trial. How about no, uninstalled.
You have to pay a Subscription, booooooooo
I'm not even able to get access to the app. I select Facebook or Gmail but it doesn't do anything, it gets loading and loading and nothing happens.
Requires a subscription to use.
You have to pay! I am doing 33 years meditation. I will tell you how to do it free. Don't analyze your thoughts.
Don't lie people, make it paid
nice payment plan, no thanks
Useless
Really bad app you have to pay before even trying it ,
I got charged before my trial ended without a warning. Big scam the trial thing.
I downloaded it, thinking it would be something to help with anxiety and stress....only to find out, it's yet another subscription meditation app. Looked interesting but that $60 price tag and not being able to try anything. No thanks.....
First page is to pay..goodbye
Scam
Trash app. Go to 1 star ratings and see their previous response to me quoting their terms of service. They WILL sell your information.
They want u to subscribe as soon as you sign up...uninstalled
I tried to cancel this immediately and they still deducted the subscription from my account!
Too expensive.
Annoying Herts my ears
Sahane bir fikir. Ama istisnasis her mediasyonda şak diye kesiliyo olmasi ve butun ugraslarima ragmen calismiyor olmasi bir meditasyon app'i icin intihar! Benzer bir cok uygulama kullaniyorum ve sorunsuz calisiyor. O yuzden ayarlarimla ilgili bir sorumn degil. Satin almayi dusunmustum sirf sizlere katkim olsun diye ama yorumlardan da gordum ki bu sorun yeni degil ve hala cozulmemis. Cok yazik. Bu kadar sahane bisey yap ama suregelen bir sorunu 6 aydir cozememissiniz.  8 gun once mail ginderdim verdiginiz adrese Ama hala tek bir haber yok sizden. Artik siliyorum applikasyonu telefonumdan..
Cant even test out the app without giving card details!! Scam
The equivalent to click bait. It's free to download, but it's actually paid to use. They just want to claim that the app has been downloaded millions of times. But I bet that the uninstall rate is through the roof.
i thought it was for free but its not and its really expensive and ya its not worth it
THIS APP IS PAY TO WIN/SLEEP??? Lady kept talking. Almost fell asleep to the music like 5 times. Her voice kept waking me up. So loud. Stupid. This app is doodoo. 4.6 fake stars. Read the 1 star reviews. TRUTH IS THERE.
$60 a year 😂😂😂
Tried to cancel trial and couldn't charge me and I haven't gotten my refund it's not even installed on my phone!!! I'm not sure how you get away with charging for a service that people do not want and try to cancel. You make it impossible to cancel. This is a typical practice that is constantly abused by apps!!! I've had enough. I'm not emailing you again to complain. Sad I had to give a you the review you deserve to get a response...
I deleted this. Too many ads and they force you to buy it.
This is just as bad as calm, "try free they say" but won't let u try without a credit card lmao. OH and did mention they want 80 bucks for the app (that would be summing up with tax included lmao)
Why make it a free app if you can't access or utilize anything unless you pay? 1 week for free and then $60?? LOL nope
Nope, I feel manipulated by this sign up process. Just tell me straight away your prices instead of making me sign up to an almost completely pay walled app with no option but to subscribe or the app is virtually useless. I don't want to have to commit to a 7 day trial period either, just to try out your app, it's misleading and aggressive. Wish I could zero star. Ya'll don't even deserve 1 star.
Attempted trap tries to charge 60 dollars
Costs 60$? Get real!
So bad, I won't pay for that. If it be free I will give 5 stars but everything has price. Sucks
Once I got into the app at night I tried to use the sleep well feature but it popped up with this free trial thing.....it never said anything about that in the desc.
I can put music on youtube to sleep, why do i need this app and pay 10 dollars a month. BS app.
Cost money
Racism? Seriously? The last thing I need when trying to calm and center is to be hit in the face with negativity. Why don't you just put all the news headlines across the top of the screen? A thinly veiled political app. Beware!!
They wake you up with stupid proverbs notifications at 7.30 am. "Whats broken could be fixed"? You broke my sleep today. Thanks!
Not a free app...
You just have 1 "session" and from there is downhill.
CHARGED MY ACCOUNT WITHOUT MY CONSENT!!!
Not free only a free trial. They want a little under $60 a year.
The advertising was misleading
60 bucks per year 7 day free trail
Wont load
I receive an error when I try to cancel my subscription.
Canceled my trial the same night i first used and took the last 60 out of my account
Don't loose your time and money with this app
Your tiktok ad almost gave me a seizure, very unpleaseant experience for an app that's supposed to calm and relax
You can't do really anything with this app unless you are a premium member. And that's what sucks because I can't pay for something like this. I have been looking for an app that might help with my anxiety since it is kinda bad but I come to find out you need to pay. Sorry not my deal.
isam
Not free! You have to pay for it. Are you kidding me? Pathetic app. I don't recommend!
This app recently stole money from me. They took it upon themselves to sign me up for the premium version and I'm having trouble getting my money back. When you call Google their help center is closed due to the Corona virus. Update: Meditopia refunded my money and fire that I'm grateful. I'll never put my bank info into Google for auto fill convenience again. Thank you Meditopia.
you have to pay for all the sessions , only the first one it's free, that's not fair or cool guys.
Comes up in Google search as free, but it's actually $60!
I'm trying to cancel so I don't get charged. I've sent 2 emails and still no help!
Wow, the only way to even look at this app is to agree to pay $100 up front. No thanks!
I find it very stressful when a meditation app ask me for my credit card number. I was unable to do anything without my credit card number, which I refused to give up
Please remember to cancel your subscription if your trying it out ive just got a 50 pound year subscription taken out of my bank and I don't even use it
It's not even free
How do I cancel this
oh my! i clicked for 7 days free trial and was charged for it. been like crazy searching how go cancel it through google play or the app and can't find it!!!!
Arkadaşlar kesinlikle !indirmeyin dolandırıcı bunlar benim babamın kartını hakclediler !!71 TL yerine 500 TL çektiler!! kartı zor kapattık çok yazık tuzak bu sakın kanmayın!!!
Be careful! I was charged $60 for an annual subscription after using the app once. I am furious.
uninstall , I don't see importent
I've heard this is a good app but for $60 that's ALOT for an app. Gonna have to pass.
I thought this was a free meditation app
Tried this to help with sleep and she talks too much. Her voice became annoying 3 minutes into it.
The meditation timer I've been using for years is not compatible with my new phone. This is not a meditation timer. I don't know what this is, but it's not useful to me. This app forces you to register just to see what it is, then there is no way to delete your account information. I contacted support and they literally told me that I need to pay for the improved version and I should tell all my friends when i asked how to delete my account.
Doesn't work on latest Android version
My app apps are gone that because medetopia my capcut was deleted because of this 😭😭😭😭😭
Why not just admit is fully paid app?
Selling my country my yoga and meditation to me only for 7000 bucks... Lol... Keep it yourself... Only fools should buy this stuff
Bakwas
Everything is locked and i cant buy it in my country !!
No way I'm agreeing to sign up for a trial for a subscription without being able to just try the app.
I want to unsubscribe on the app. There was no option to use trials without subscribing. I really want to unsubscribe. How to?
Aak thu
Didn't help with sleep or anxiety
U should allow somebody to download it first without having to pay for it. I know u wont get charged at first but that was a turn off. I unistalled the app
Please revers the debit order that went off my account last night. I did not give me authorization to make any payments. I deleted the app as soon as I saw it is not free to use. I urgently request you to please refund my money. No notice was even sent to inform me the money will be taken.  Thank you for your assistance in this regard.  Please get back to me asap
Only free trial
No free trial want you to.pay 60 plus tax for free trial no thank you
Fatal, hay que pagar para usarla vendiendote que la descarga es gratis
Not free. Alot of extra things I had to complete and fill out never did get to the meditation part! Thanks! This app is misleading
People seek these apps because they don't want to pay for anything and easy solution unfortunately this app is pricier than sleeping pills. Correct me if I'm wrong. The app is useless. You guys are aware that YouTube is free?lol
I even can't login what is this
It is almost every thing paid!! And when I tray to pay it says (problem occurred) 😔
Asks you straight away to setup an account, im guessing to trick you into buying a"free" trial. **update** Dont even try, the review section is full of people being charged even tho they disnt buy anything.
Go to YouTube for less bs and more meditation
Calm clone and just as valueless 60 dollars a year for kinda better sleep terrible.
Good app, but cant back up the data. Useless now that I am getting a new phone.
I have paid version that works well. It is simple and well designed. It gets a 1 star because it periodically bugs you to rate it. I will change rating to 5 if it is changed to not ask more than once.
Doesn't work
I don't like how we can't change our goal weight.
Loved the app until I went to upgrade my phone and the backup restore failed. Despite trying to back it up to Google Drive, the restoration process does not work. Do not use this app if you plan to upgrade your phone - data does NOT transfer over.
It would take a few lines of code to allow a user to enter their own goal. Weight loss is all about setting goals, what is this developer even thinking!!??
Backup feature doesn't work
Foreign data format only, not configurable. Removed it.
Track in Stones??
Can't get my previous back up.
This app WILL NOT stop freezing so I am unable to enter my weight
Worked for 3days then completely stopped lost progress and freezes every time I use it
Worst app
Automatically gave me a goal weight 15kg below what a doctor said was healthy with no way to change it.
That app is for sick ppl. I'm 32yo, 173sm/ 72 kg and I'm absolutely fit but the app days I'm between normal and overweight.
Why would you need this? All it does is keep data on your last entered weight. Its basically just a very specific notepad.
I do not understand this app at all. #2) what does it do for me? #3) it is not self explanatory #4) it is selling keto diet or meal plan. #5 u just enter your current weight, hight n your goal weight n does it. It does not do u nothing . It just calculate BMI for u n does it. Then take u to other site of keto n they nade it sound like everything was fully free on this app then u have to sign up with payment information what a waste of time. We must install this app peroid.
Terrible! Can't change the weight goal
Beware, backup and restore does NOT work. A wealth of weight tracking data for me can't be restored on my new Android phone ! I am lucky that I was using two apps to track weight at the same time, else I would have lost all my data after moving to a new Android phone today!
Lost all my data ans now when I open the app it freezes. Thanks a lot!
It says you can measure in stones and pounds but this only applies to the initial profile weight. Daily measuring can only be recorded in lbs.
I love this as a rule, but I want the graph to show the startpoint. Line disappears off the left side of the graph for me and I want to see all the data at once for reference, or at least be able to scroll back if all the data won't fit as is. I flipped the app to landscape to see if that helped, but the graph in landscape is completely unreadable. Will go 5-stars if these issues are fixed.
Won't stay open.
Recording my weight using two different fitness apps and always come back to this one. Easy and does what it's supposed to do. 12/22/2020 Update: After multiple attempts to back up my data I've been working on for along time, I couldn't transfer it to my new phone. Incredibly disappointed.
The bmi thing isnt right
Shuts down and wont even open. Waste of time to download and input information just for it to not open again. Not a good app.
Doesn't use stone
Bizarre. You can't even input your own weight goal. This app would have me 8kg heavier than MY perfectly healthy goal weight.
Inflexible
Wont let me restore a back up from old phone to new phone 😒
Simple and useful until the point where you need your data transferred to another device. No backup, no restore, no update / fix. If this gets fixed I would think of using your app again but the chance is
Cant set or change goal weight
Can't change the goal weight!
Sets goal weight for you and wont let you change it.
nothing more than a notebook
This app is horrible its telling me im overweight my doctor says im the perfect weight everyone does why does it habe to make me insecure?
Just a graph. You could draw a graph on a piece of paper yourself. There's nowhere to put your goal weight and the app is so one dimensional and boring.
It doesn't seem to be working, it doesn't load
Useless
Not good can not backup to google drive or restore contacted support by email no reply. Not happy
Mad as hell, I paid for this app in the end of 2017 when I reinstalled Android OS yesterday the app is no longer registered and all data from 2 years were lost. I did do backups if anyone wonders but they misteriously vanished from Google Drive.
Seemed cool at first but I dont like that it doesnt let me add my own 'ideal weight'.. in other words what I think I should weigh. Uninstalling.
All data lost - gutted! Open app and it freezes! No backup 🙄
The backup is broken, can't save your info to a new phone
No Fat vs Lean mass tracking makes it useless
Uninstalled after 2 mins. No option to record weight already lost before download and can only record weight in lbs even though initial weight can be stored at stones and lbs
Terrible. Waist time
Couldn't find where to log new weight
i cant restore my backup .... help me😐
Literally asks for age, height and weight then tells you what weight you goal should be and the timescale. Cannot see any way to amend this to your own goal or timescale. Not very helpful and takes very little information about you into account. Uninstalled it very swiftly...
Moving data eater constantly. It chose my goal? Had to accept cookies No thanks, this is my phone
Backup not working. No Backups on Google Drive or anywhere. All the data which I entered for months is now gone. And Backup has always been enabled. Thx for that....
No option to enter target weight at set up. Pointless. Uninstalled.
It works fine. It's not terrible but I'm sick of it asking me to rate it every time it opens. And since it only posts positive ratings I had to make a special effort to come here and post this review.
Let's me record past weights but wont change the record on the graph
After using this app for several years it just quit opening sooo I uninstalled and reinstalled it and all my data is gone. I have gone through several phones and reinstalled the app on them with no problems in the past now they want to save to your cloud account 😂 since all my data is gone I uninstalled and chalked it up to you just can't trust tech companies!
Allows profile setup in St and Lbs, but entering your weight every time for tracking is only in Lbs or Kg I don't want to convert Stone to Lbs or kg every time i want to enter my weight.
It doesn't work
Not nice 😡😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬🤬
It doesn't want to download things that I want
This was a great app. Now i cant close the ads and i had to uninstall.
Because I'm a man and I think this app is mainly for women
I got this
Can't install on my phone
Too slow to download.
Ad won't allow me to start the work out. I can't even back out of it. Everytime I completely go out of the app to try again I get stuck on the same ad. I refuse to pay 6 bucks just to bypass the ad. Smh I was so looking forward to try this app.
I l ove this app because how we are in covid19
😒
App not installed
I purchased to remove the ads. It took the money out but never removed the ads. Im not happy about this at all. Needs to be fixed immediately.
I just hate this app🙄 wasted my 3 months....and gave me even falt butt😠
Is this app for reducing booty or for gaining it Cause just Now i installed it and i didnt try yet So its my question to u Plzz reply me Cause its my doubt Plz say me fast
I've been trying to access the workouts but app keeps closing n it's annoying at first I thought it was internet connection but then my connection is strong thus still
This exercise is kind of cool its only 9 days now and i can see that my butt is coming out
I like this
Мисс Шахноза я вас люблю тебя и хочу я яйцевидных
Love it
It was not helping me get a bigger butt
Good
It's useless, when u turn on the sleep sounds it plays nothing
Does this even work ? I couldn’t get it to load anything but today it is ! Will see how it goes 😀
I get tired of turning the bedtime alarm off and the next night the thing goes off again.
Qqwa ar qq
Does absolutely nothing!!!!? Deleted
It doesnt work
Auto alarm RUINS MY SLEEP!!! WTH is going on? I never set an alarm yet a couple days ago it goes off at will. Why? Took a while to find it was you- frustrating and contradicting your goal. UNINSTALLING
The most awful alarm sounds like distressed cats, and, cant find how to turn it off, so, will delete the app. 0
I loved this app for sleep but then the dreaded updates and all types of alarms and reminders were set up. I tried to turn them off but the damn am alarm would turn itself back on. Would go off and was difficult to mute. I tried but deleting app asap for feature I did not want or set up!
Useless
I give it one star because it says free, but when i tried to listen again it stops working. Dishonest advertising.
Stupid app. Dont waste your ⌛
Very
I originally download this because every other meditation app I had I was required to pay for the meditations I needed desperately- When I first opened the app, it immediately said "something went wrong" on the bottom. I ignored it and made an account. After I had done that, I went to the sleep page and nothing loaded. It sat at the loading screen for 10 minutes and nothing happened ☹️ is there something I'm doing wrong??!!
kha nind a rhi hai bai..... kis pgl ne aap bnya h ye ....or nind uda di....one sound is repeat again repeat what happened this.................
When we downloading some tracks, gets some internet problems every is gone.....
There is a major bug in the alarm feature that I never used but started going off at random times like 4am. Thanks for ruining my sleep for the last week! I finally figured out it was this app by stopping running services until it stopped. Even if the app is not running it creates a background alarm service which played the ghost alarm. I deleted all my alarms, closed every app, and tried the volume buttons with no response. The only way I found to stop this torture was restarting my phone.
This app put an alarm set into my phone which could not be switched off. I had to contact my provider for help and reset my network. I work night shift and the alarm went off 8am every morning. No indication which app was doing this until I uninstalled and reinstalled. Then a message popped up when I attempted to use this app showing an option to set an alarm at 8am. I chose the no option and behold 8am next morning alarm went off again with no indication where from again. Reset & uninstalled.
This app was confusing and i wanted it to tell me a story but i acadently presed yes to play music and it wouldn't let me hear a story 😡
It shuts off after 2 minytes...terrible very frustrating
Why I can't pass up this app to the SD card? I got two phones and I can't do it in either one.
My one day off from working the night shift and this app starts ringing the alarm at 10am even though I've never set it up and didn't go into the app for months. For some reason didn't let me turn it off until I've deleted the app. Still awake waiting for the headache to go away. I dislike this app with a passion.
A promising app with high quality contents but doesn't work when we need it the most. It just won't play even after downloading the music. Please look into it 😒
There's no stop button on any of the things you choose to listen to. So, if you don't like it or want to change to a different one you can't. Very, very annoying! Don't waste your time with this app.
You have to pay for it
Somehow the alarm went off every day at 7am for a few days. I tried to turn it off. The app showed I had it off yet despite that, it kept going off. I work until midnight and by the time I get to bed it's 3 am. Woke up my husband and I after only a few hours and I couldn't get back to sleep. I had to uninstall it to get it to shut up after 2.5 minutes this morning. I again worked till midnight and he's recovering from being sick. Gee, thanks for nothing.
Both male and female voice not soothing and no options to change
I selected bed time stories. If I wanted a meditation I would have listened to meditation. No story line, very easy for your mind to continue to wander when the 'story' is just another useless meditation. Another sleepless night and another waste of my time app.
Nothing 😒else works except 😒the stories😒😒 #uninstalled.
Although the music is beautiful, soothing, and calmig... every 30 minutes or so, A LOUUD COMMERCIAL ADVERTISEMENT BLARES ON which defeats the whole purpose of the app. How can one sign on without the LOUD ADVERTISING that just wakes you up again???
The alarm would not stop ringing. It drove me crazy. Now, I was wide awake pulling my hair! The sad thing was I really looked forward to using this app. I tried it out and decided it was just the right thing for me. I had to uninstall the app to turn it off.
Not happy - after a phone update, the alarm set itself and went off the next morning unexpectedly
Wont turn off
This app is malfunctioning..
Can't remove the alarm. Even though it's been disabled it still keeps coming up. I've had to uninstall
Bad app ever I had a bad experience it did not give me relaxing sounds
It decided to set its own alarm and wake me up early several days when I had never even used the app
This app Google drive link very danger Please 🙏 Google remove this app Play Store
Hate it no comment
New updates ruined the app. All the sounds I was using were deleted and now gone and there's some stupid alarm I didn't set up going off every morning. DELETE! ETA - I AM using the updated version. These issues didn't start until AFTER the update.
It only works for about 20 minutes then turns off.
Bad
i couldnt find any sound
Couldn't hear any sounds at all
Worked first night then stopped
nope not for me felt like breaking my phone cos still got no sleep at all. 🤪
The app doesn't work properly and I still can't fall asleep
Kept me up all night with g!owing screen that never shut off
Lousy killed my battery in one night do not install.
Didn't work
Uninstalled
Tried this for the first time last night. I was actually asleep when the stupid twinkly alarm went off to tell me it was time to sleep!!! I thought the whole point of the app was to help one fall asleep... not wake one when the purpose had been achieved! Couldn't get back to sleep again so been up since 3am!!!
This app does not help don't download it.
App would not respond
The timer stops every few minutes even when set for (4) hours.
Update: uninstalled. Even though I turned off notifications I started to get random "time for bed" popups. When it was 8.30pm. As an adult, honestly don't know when I was ever in bed before 9.30pm at the earliest. There is no option to close the app after an amount of time. I woke up this morning to find that the phone stayed on and the app open all night. Thankfully it was plugged in and charging so no battery drain. Won't be using this again until that is fixed.
Won't load medications or stories
Terrible. The tape jumps
l cant found sound
When sound loops, it completely shuts off and restarts😳
Well I found nothing relaxing or calming in here at all. I think that 1 star is far too generous. The sounds may well be good for some, just not for me. Tried the meditation bit & having someone telling me to use a canoe is far from calming as I have major issues with deep water. This bit came up twice, so was stressful not calming. Appreciate this is a free app for that 20 stars. For me personally it has not been successful. Good luck to the others.
It helped me the first two nights. After that, it was no longer effective. I'll be removing the app.
It only works when I have data which is not fair because I don't always have data
What the description doesn't tell you is, to use this, you must be online. If you're not, you get a spinning progress icon and "Something went wrong… Be sure your Internet is working." If you're leaving your phone on all night, why on Earth would you want to keep it online, drain its battery, keep its CPU hot, and keep an active transmitter/receiver near your head? And why do you need to be online just to play some audio tracks? This may as well be a webpage, rather than an app. Silly.
Cannot switch the alarm off
Great fo stories and music. I set my alarm for 7:30am. Didn't go off at my time, it may be 7:30am somewhere but it was 9:30pm...
No sleep stories here as promised
Only portrait layout, not good for my tablet stood up on is side.
What a waste of space this app is works when your first download it now your telling me that there's no tracks and any music I download doesn't work for your state of mind don't download this app it on of the worst apps I have ever use if I could give no stars then I would
The app does not seem to work. There is no audio to the music or stories?
I used to love this app, I have used it nearly nightly for almost a year. But now it just gives me some validation failure error and won't load anymore. Edit: Yes, I'm sure it's this app... I'm not dumb? It stopped working, won't load anything just gives me an error. I just use a different app now, it's not worth the trouble.
It's nothing more than a collection of sounds and melodies, that might or might not be calming or pleasant. That's it. All the super hyped references are probably fake. No other functions except a basic wake up alarm. It doesn't even work without an active connection. In reality I would give it 3 stars, for now I just leave 1 for compensating and allow me more testing. But there is really nothing more, so don't expect any special function of a "sleep" app. The description is really deceiving. I couldn't find any meditation at all in example.
Just didn't help me sleep at all
Actually was a great app until you took away the storms. Now it's a joke like every other app. You should leave good enough alone.
It suks
Not good.
Since this app has changed recently it has sucked ass! The alarm is difficult to set and will not delete !
Its not active now
No sound! And weird messages about plugs popping up. Uninstalled
Doesn't download
I have the notifications for this app turned off, yet every night I still get a bedtime reminder. I don't go to bed until the am so this is annoying! YES, I turned it off yet I still get the reminder every night like clockwork.😑 I have every notification for this app turned off yet I am still getting pop-ups. It's about to go. The app is about to go. Turning off the notifications didn't work.
I loved this until the update. The damn thing sets its own alarms which I can't undo, so I'm hating it now. If I wanted alarms I'd set my own frigging clock.
An appealing interface, intuitive navigation, offering a variety of options but not so many it ceases to be pleasant to use. All the more surprising then when it fails on the simplest feature of a relaxation app; the soothing music intended to encourage a gentle drift into sleep ends abruptly when it times out, rather than fading out. EDIT: Developer recognizes issue and may correct. It looked promising (features, interface) as previously noted; if improved app may warrant high rating.
It's bull it's only asking of network connection while it's already connected 😠
Terrible automatic alarm! Absurdly loud and difficult to find which app was coming from...
Would be great if the reminder/alarm would stop even after you disable it. So now I have to uninstall the app just to stop the stupid alarm.
It won't close! Everytime I close out the app, it reopens itself within seconds. It has been running in the background on my phone for over 12 hours...
HORRIBLE, absolutely no way to turn off the alarm. Had to uninstall the app just to get it to turn off. Most idiotic thing I've ever experienced with an app. I hate this app. Ruined my sleep.
Not user friendly
I'm not getting to play any of the tracks
Why did you change it?! Now I can't find something right for me. Everything is too chaotic, or makes me want to listen, or just doesn't work. I've uninstalled
No sounds work!! Nothing improves yet
Some people work nights and sleep during the day. The reminder notification keeps reminding me to sleep at night even though I changed it for AM. Other than that it's ok. Reply: Wow, you managed to make the notification more annoying than before. Uninstalled.
Absolutely abominable I have never set it yet it turns on even with everything saved to disable and then there is no way to turn off the alarm when it keeps going. Uninstall is the ONLY solution.
Doesn't work
After installing, my alarm goes off at random times and I can't turn it off. I've even closed all alarms. I won't be using any app from this publisher again.
Nothing works
Only has stupid sleep sounds maybe one out of many a person would relax an sleep to.
Too confussing. How dis alarms come on? Hated all the preset alarms!!!
I turned off notifications for this app and push notifications but I'm still getting them. Its incredibly annoying. 👎
My experience was absolutely terrible. It drained my battery quickly. Depleted my high number of fast speed data extremely quick. It froze my phone and when I powered it off and took out my sims card and replaced it then my phone claimed that there was no SIM card. I finally, after a bit of time I took out the soms card & replaced it again. After getting my phone to recognize my SIM card, it took a bit of time and work to uninstall the app. Sounds were nice but not worth the trouble.
this app is doodoo sause
It wouldn't let me remove me by deleting it before I got charged. Didn't like it, and it didnt help me sleep. My alarm keeps going off on this app
It will not load on my phone,
Even when set to offline and firewall permission denied it still tries to connect to the Internet constantly. Why is your app trying to contact Amazon and Facebook?
I can't download the stories
No clue! I THINK I will love this app but...."set wakeup" popped up so, I set that...then, I saw where you can "set your bedtime", clicked, it comes up @ the bottom of the screen but, does NOT allow me to do anything! SO, I went back and clicked on "sleep sounds", it shows "ambience/nature" etc....it pops up when I clicked "ambience" but, it does NOTHING!!! I setup to log in, thinking maybe it would fix the issue but, nothing!! PLEASE HELP!!! Want to try this app!! Tired of Google Home sleep snd
No notification to turn off the alarm - uninstalling
I SO wanted to like this app! Unfortunately I find the tuneless repetition drives me CRAZY!! I've tried different sounds from "Experts' picks" including piano music but far from helping me to relax and sleep, I find them intensely irritating. Uninstalling!
Absolutely shocking, keeps telling me its bedtime without having set one, and keeps setting the alarm off despite having changed the time and turning it off. Clearly broken.
It's taken over. I disabled the app but it's still in my phone. Very annoying. Tell me how to get rid of it.
It doesn't work if I download it!! Please fix this I really dont wanna waste my mobile data on this sometimes the one's I play doesn't even play😡 I Hate This!
I would not pay for this type of application!
Annoying, intrusive, and difficult to get rid of
Useless App
Its not working for my mom.. please improve..she hates the voices..
Dont think I'll use this anymore as it has messed up my imagination abit and am getting confused.
DO NOT INSTALL App helps at first, then only continued repetition.
Amazing
Behn bahut darati hai yr..😂 sleep meditate audio sun k neend aur bhag jati hai dar ke mare😆
Nothing plays
This app is terrible, I have been trying for 3 days to get my results. I installed the app, got the pin #, tried using the pin and it says "wrong pin." I tried twice, b/c it says you will be logged off after 3 tries. So, I started all over, still no luck. I have had two emails stating my results are ready.
A scam! This developer sent soke damn stupid text and sent it to my phone. I see they charged me too for downloading this scammy app. Also, trying to get into my phone via using my finger print!! No thank you jackass!!! Scam Scam!!
I can't download the application so I can't see the results, terrible application
Intusive. Big-brother. 1984. Brave New World. New World Order.
I can not open the app. Ive been for 2 hours and its the worse app. Well it explains why. Its connected to Government site. What works now a days with the Gov. Specially in Florikkka. DeathSantis.
Only downloads to 65percent,not everyone is computer knowledgeable , should give a number to call for results
Doesn't use official Exposure Notification System. Not doing yourself or the state a favor as this is the reason I won't install it, and I'll be telling people in my circles to pass as well. Guess I'll be running Nevada's when South, and Wyoming's when up North.
Waste of time..unable to download.
Unfortunately it's just not working on my phone.
After first round of questions the app doesn't give updates, makes you repeat same process each time and when completed questions choices are to edit or cancel. No clear function.
Unable to get past the confirmation screen after entering my birthdate. Your app does not work!
Very one-sided and not a mutually beneficial design. Please use the Apple-Google API and help warn us with a Google maps integration on areas to avoid.
Really bad cant get info will not let me choose my birth date
4 hours and still no loaded
I cant use it iv been trying to Login for an12
How do I a pin number
Won't fully download
Cannot download the app, it just keeps spinning.
APP WILL NOT DOWNLOAD! WHY SEND A NOTIFICATION if it doesn't work.
Why do i have to get a app to find my results. Just want to know if i have it or not
I have been waiting for almost a week for this app to download... ridiculous. If I can give it no stars, I would.
I put my phone number in for the code and it shows a red warning don't let me number isn't a mobile number but it is
Deleting app if it doesn't help track cases. Such a waste! Downloaded it to try and keep family safe. Total fail if all it does is monitor symptoms.
This app is ridiculous. It tells me it is installing and never does. I have tried multiple times to install and nothing.
Unable to enter pin
Unable to view my own or my wife's results. Will not accept either of our birthday. Will remove app if not corrected by tomorrow.
Horrible. Tried for 2 days and still can't get my results.
Uhm, no. You'd think it makes sense to work with Apple/Google on an app that literally tracks who you come in contact with, considering both companies respectively already have this capability baked into every phone they sell a la location history. But no. No partnership with the two major mobile OS companies here. Just a company jumping at a chance to data mine. Also, 0 reason whatsoever to even ASK for contact list permissions. Why?! Not needed at ALL for what the app is trying to accomplish.
Update: It is not working correctly. When I attempt to complete the screening I receive a pop up requesting I give it authorization however, after agreeing there is no way to save it and, therefore, it does not allow you to proceed with the screening.
I can't enter information...blank
Terrible .pin takes longer than required, spams your phone, never gives results... for privacy reasons I'm trying to understand WHY THEY WOULD EVEN SUGGEST OR OK THIS SO APP
I can't download the app
The app is stuck at 63% and will not open.
Why won't ,my results show just other apps keep popping up
Useless app. I've had it since the beginning. I see no use. I'm tired of the daily question. Utah got fleeced on this and if true, these guys made out like bandits.
Can't get past pin to get results! Have installed/uninstalled, don't know what to do now!!! Hopefully someone can help??
Unable to get a 4 digit pin to open app after the first time. So every time I use it, I have to uninstall and get a new 6 digit access code. One problem is therevis no method to go anywhere without that 4 digit pin. All of you folks who like it have probably only tried to log in once.😉
Because i cant get it please resend
Install gets stuck at 63%
HORRIBLE!!!! I can't get pass B'day. Keeps telling me doesn't match. I KNOW MY B'DAY. IDIOTS. Starting to think it's just another way to hack and get personal information. Get rid of this app or FIX IT ASAP. Now the damn thing won't even let me send and/or post my review. Ill give it a 1star only to see if it will then allow my review to post ,but it actually deserves -100 stars. Yeah its just that bad!!
Didn't get past the pin. Also not sure if this is a scam because I never signed up for healthy start and it sent me a text a few days after I had texted. Freaked me out. Thought I had gotten a positive test result orf something. Edit: pins expire in two minutes. But it takes an hour for the pin to be sent. lol This app is a joke
Logged in to get my son's results and it has locked me out and there is no phone # to call to get it u locked. Have been waiting days to get the results now nothing. Not happy.
They sent a link saying test results available and add this app. I added app hours ago and still....no results
Just awful. Why they keep sending the results through this horrible app that doesn't work.
I cant even get on the app. It wants me to put in a pin, so when I request one it saids lost connection. This sucks how else do I get my results?
Cannot open it
App won't work, keeps saying it isn't responding, asks if you want to wait or close app, they also have my first name wrong, so I can't find out results. Wish there was a direct line phone # to call.
Not able to install. Tried several times, everytime gets stuck at 63%
Could not even install. It crashed at 70% every single time!
Cant even get test results
I am not interested in getting this app yet it keeps hijacking the official link by showing up before I can sign in
Wanted to do the right thing and download this to contract trace, now it drains my battery by 3pm. Makes my phone unusable, even with battery saver on.
Gave me someone elses results not even related to me
I can't download this. It gets to 63% and then stops. I've restarted my device, ensured stable internet connection, and still not working. Google search didn't have any results for what to do to troubleshoot this. In the meantime my device will download other apps from the android store with no problem. Please look into this.
Piece of garbage. Stuck at 63%.
Can't use. Says internet not connected, but I am because I downloaded the app. Will change if fixed.
Tried on 2 different devices, this app won't download. Very FRUSTRATING!
Stuck at 63% for 3 hrs.🥴
Was sent an access code that I no longer have because I deleted it and there is no way to get back into the app without it and NO phone number to call so I can't get results.
I cannot get in to see result
Terrible. They have my birtdate wrong and when I try to edit it it won't let me move on to the next screen. So how do I get my results.
Can't get past the birthdate screen to get results, just keeps cycling back to same DOB screen. App in its current state has no value.
Can't download, just stuck on the 63% and never finish the download
Receiveda link to this app after having a COVID test. I never gave permission for my information to be released and believe that this is a HIPAA violation. Replying to developer: RRAD WHAT I SAID. I did not give permission for my personal information to be released to this app you ignorant buffoon.
I don't really know what star to give this app as it has been helpful to a degree. But why I am here leaving this review is that I just recently saw a positive test result, on a day that I never took a test. I could not find any other numbers to contact to bring this problem to anyone's attention. Don't want reported numbers thrown off by inaccurate apps.
Decency won't allow me to write exactly what I want to write u a...es
my test results are now blocked because my date of birth was input incorrectly
All it ever says is "no results found".
I was notified that my results are in. I can't get to them because the app wont let me change my birthday. Very frustrated. I will have to call my doctor, since I have a procedure coming up on thursday.
Pretty useless.
Asking me to enter pin # ....what pin number ?
Not showing any of the tests I had and not the latest one neither.
Your app is asking for a pin for me to unlock it but it never gave me the chance to setup a pin. There is also no Settings tab for me to go to to try to setup a pin.
Why would I need to install an app on a cell phone when the state already gave me a web address that does not need an app and was days ahead of this app? Also who gave these monkeys my phone number without my permission and how did they get my results...sounds too much like a scam, or some state employee is giving out privacy info
App simply does not work it's not connecting to the website that it works with. Fix this garbage.
Horrible. Have not been able to open, even after following directions multiple times.
Orwelling much?
It won't load all the way
Couldn't get passed the pin they gave me.. ridiculous
App does not fully load. Only 63%
Tried downloading this app for the better part of three hours. No luck. I needed the results of my test for work.
Uninstalled. Useless app, requires 3 levels of verification but never gives you results.
Tried several times and can't get past the input of the code. Very frustrating when you're anxious to find the results. I am at a point to just give up. Mark
Horrible
Will not install. Cannot get my results. Terrible app. Says installed but no where to be found!
Groups all symptoms together. It really doesn't give me any usable advice. I wanted something to tell me if I have been in contact with someone. It doesn't provide it. Yet Google does. I'm uninstalling.
I cannot open this app with the code I was sent. I have been trying since 12-24-20 without success.
Right now I think this app is horrible and sucks. I have a notice that says I have testing results I put in the birthday and the relationship to patient. Hit confirm and it does nothing at all. I need these results like asap.
I received a text that my results were ready and was directed to this app. Completed the download but still no results. Should have had them hours ago.
Cant Get My Results And Im Very Frustrated That This App Wont Download
User facing information not useful. Just used to hoover up your data and sell it while providing no value.
App would not download no option to check results...total ineptitude. Please provide a contact phone..total app failure...the email to address concerns has gone unanswered. A customer service failure....I am losing business by the minute and the state does not know answers...the county does not know answers...the health care district dies nit kno w answers and your company has no contact info.. .incredible
Download has been stuck at 63% for an hour after trying 3 seperate times. Is there a fix or is this just a junk app? Does anyone know what's going on?
As mentioned by others, you get stuck in the registration process. It's anyway ridiculous to have to install an app to see your test results.
Where is my pin
Text received which said results are ready, but result is NOT available on the app. This is very disappointing...getting my hopes up for the result and then....nothing. .waiting again....
I cannot get in with code
I cannot get this stupid thing to open on my stupid phone how am I supposed to get my results!
I try to verify my phone number with the pin and get "an error has occurred".
Still unable to download app....been trying now for 3 days. Kam
I cant download. Tried over and over. Trouble shooted snd still no luck. So much for getting my Covid results. 😟
Downloaded the app tried to confirm date of birth. It doesn't move from this page. Does not yield or show test results. Waste of time. Perhaps more due diligence needs to be performed before releasing for consumer use.
I gave permission to receive my test results by phone or email. But when I received a message letting me know my results were ready, instead of just informing me of what the results are I had to install this app. Even after installing and verifying my identity, I get a message saying "No results found." Why can't I just get my test results in a text message like I was supposed to? I still don't know if my test was negative or positive. *ETA- Thank you, email sent.
I forgot my pin , and the app doesn't allow me to re set it .
Stopped downloading at 63%
App is not working correctly
Cant get the app to download. Has been stuck at 63%
It won't let me into my results with the pin you provided me I see people on here are having trouble everywhere what's up with this app no good
Get text saying click here goes screen you cant do anything doesnt work dcf fix
The code was too fast and I couldn't put it in So in other words it did nothing for me . It popped up too fast and I didn't even know what I was supposed to do with it before it was gone
How come this app has not completed to download its been 40min.
Doesn't work. I work at a SNF and all my coworkers are able to get their test results through this app when we're tested (which is often), but it didn't even ask for my birthday so there's no way for me to get my results on it. 10/10 would not recommend, I'm uninstalling it.
Taking forever to get onto this site????? Ok
I can't find anywhere to get my results !!! Annoying
The worst app I have ever used
Horrible. It's a covid 19 test result that's impossible to access, and instead of emailing us like previously they want to have us "unlock" it. Good to know you can't see if you're positive or negative even after you jump through the hoops
I can't see my result there's a mistake in the data of birthday ,is there any other way to view my result
Would never open for my results, but started sending emails the first day. No thanks!
Can't get app to download
I can't download the app 😢.
Hice mi trst mi hija y yo y solo me da lo mio y no de mi hija
Too complicated unnecessary steps; end result was no conclusion after 5 days, but hospital said negative result; " nice app" 👎👎
Would not download
No text code was ever sent
All day this app has been saying it's in 'maintainence mode'.... Not really helpful for me
Why the heck is this app not using the official Google/ Apple API???
The app won't download. It gets to 65% and stops there.
This is stupid. Where are my results.?
Downloaded app. Got pin # and cant get any further. Help
Unable to access
Wont load on my samsung phone!!!
Sucks
This app is not worth my time! I keep getting an error saying "Something went wrong. Please try again." after putting in my phone number and selecting Request PIN. I can't even get a PIN! I've uninstalled, reinstalled, and tried reopening this app many times! What do I need to do to make this app work?
Stinks. Won't completely down. Gets stuck at 63% everytime. So how else can zip get my results? Was quicker getting the results than down loading to lousy app!
I can't put my right birthday. it keeps changing everything so this system sucks it gets no stars from me
TOO LONG OF A LOAD....!!!!
I was sent home after 15 minutes with high blood pressure and chest pain. Just because they decided not to treat me and just do a Covid-19 test. Came back negative what else do you need? Inappropriate to invade negative patients privacy for $ of a contract with FL Advent health hospital. F this app and F Advent health hospital I have always been discriminated by this hospital.
Who gave my phone number and medical information to your company? I never gave my permission.
All the notices are annoying. In spite of recording my symptoms nearly every day, I have never been warned about a close contact. Even using this app, I got covid. I finally removed this app because I got tired of the constant worthless notifications.
Waste of time First Ever download failure from Google. Installation crashes at 63% every time I try to install. Hope my Covid test was negative.
I am trying to download the app, I sign in on my google account, it says that is being installed but nothing happens, when I go back to the text to see my results it makes me repeat the process and nothing happens again, frustrating
Where is my covid 19 test result that I have spent 3 hours searching for. This is a disaster. I can't recommend this site to anyone, because it is a mere waste of time. Why does it take too long a time to figure out what to do to get your results. It makes someone very anxious and leaves you with no option but to call at the place you were tested. I am tired and can't get my results, what a complete waste of time and resources. Why do you guys hide my results until I became too anxious and frustrated.
Trying for day get results app will not download
This app shows installed, yet does not show up in my apps. I cannot access my test results.
It askes to put in state you put it in and it does nothing
Cannot get through to rest results
I cam download the app, the download get stuck on 63% and frozes up
This is the most frustrating app I've ever attempted to download! It says it's installed but I cant get my results. I've tried 4 times and all have been unsuccessful. I should have opted for a phone call.
Trying to retrieve test results for Covid-19 can't going to uninstall app
I've tried all morning and can't download this app.
Yeah, its not letting pass the birthday part,smh, was gonna rate them half a start but it didn't let me do that either.
Every time I put in the code you sent me to getu results it won't take
Can't get past confirm on birth date and age it's locked up
Junk which i am sure some Republican asswad owns Sure enough hedge fund baby owns it and just milking the cash cow. Just gave me results i got 2 days ago from the test site.
It worked once and now it doesn't even though l uninstalled and then reinstalled.
I was able to download the app and input my date of birth in order to view my results. However, upon selecting 'confirm' to view my results, the app never loaded the results. The screen stayed on the same display requesting I input my birthday.
Can't open it
It does not take into account normal problems like asthma and allergies. also some of the questions are not specific enough like exact temperatures or whether breathing issues are common and how bad it is compared to an asthma attack, how persistent, etc. I feel like it should not recommend testing until you talk to your doctor if there are overlapping conditions
This application is a total disaster! Have tried 5 time download it to get my results and it never worked. I am glad that my health care provider was able to give me my results and didn't have to deal with this trash of application. Leave it to the Florida department of health to choose the crappiest application to deal with such an important process! What a joke!!
Have made several attempts to download but it gets stuck at 63%?
Not a serious public health tool. Doesn't integrate with the Apple/Google API inherently limiting the ultimate reach of the app, basically kneecapping the ultimate effectiveness of the app. This was done as a business decision by Twenty so they can harvest more data and eventually sell this app to other states even though we the Utah taxpayers paid for it.
This app is terrible I need my results and can't access it
I received a text saying my Covid 19 test was available. I downloaded the app. I put in the date of birth, used the code number they sent, and was unable to retrieve my result. My husband tried to get his result, and was also unsuccessful. This is useless, because we wanted to have definitive results in order to join our family for Thanksgiving.
I could not get this app to download on my Samsung Galaxy 8+
Will not load will not do anything.
Doesn't work. Just gave up and had to delete it.
Can not get my results why?????
Try 3 time with the code numer and dont let me past from there.
App request current pin on step 4 But gives you no PIN. Then locks you out
Could not open
Thia app is vwey difficult
App would not load!
It says the results are ready, but after putting your info in it does nothing. Worthless app and will be deleting
Can't open it
I can not get the app to download completely! I am trying to download from Google play store and it stops at 63% and will not go any further.
this app is HORRIBLE. Everytime you exit it requests the a passcode you enter the one they text you and it shows up wrong so you have to request a new one ive request 7-10 just to complete my families. They need a better process.
Asking for a pin never gave a pin
FOUND IMPOSSIBLE TO DOWNLOAD FREE APP AS IT PUSHES SALES.
We got a notification about our test results being in the app. Once we get in the app the only results there are my wife's. Not showing mine or my daughter's. Really unsatisfied with this app
I can't see my results! It's asking for my DOB and when I confirm it, the app doesn't do anything. I've tried deleting the app and nothing works.
Does not work!
Doesn't load in play store, stays at 63%
There is no way to recover a forgotten pin. When I uninstalled the app so I could reinstall it and start over, the app stopped downloading @ 63% and refused to progress farther.
It is a nightmare to use, it ask me for a pin I never got... when I place the code I got in my inbox it doesn't work! useless...
This app gives more than 20 texts one right after another for each notification. It does not do contact tracing to give you notice if you've come in contact with somebody else's covid+. This app is practically useless, doing what it claims to do and it's annoying on top of it. This is basically a governor announcement app. HowWeFeel is an app that is really good and gives a lot more information. It's what I use to help with combating covid-19 worldwide.
Would not load
This is stupid, gives you code then when you put that in it wants your password of which you dont have.
Sucked. No real online presence, forced to use phone/tablet, prone to timeouts using without high speed wifi connection resulting in permanent lockout with only a reference to a large medical organization that one evidently has to waste time finding it out. Much better if I could simply go online using a real computer to my medical account to get the results.
Unable to install....gets stick at 63%
No working
Refuse to completely download. Don't waste your time
it forced me to update. Now it won't go back on my phone. Terrible service
Horrible..I can't Open...
Literally a tracking app under premise of health. Go to your doctor if you feel sick, using this essentially gives away medical data & location information to a big company and has no real purpose. I don't understand how it has a high rating .... UPDATE: Your response is "Just trust an app because we can see everything but promise not to look" ... you shouldn't have even responded. Id rather not especially for an app that asks you how I feel 😂
How do you get this app to work?
Serious issues with this app. Will not install
Will not open to give test results
Says downloaded can't open it. Tried several times.
Its been hours and this app will not get past 63% install. Just want a simple answer to a test result. Negative or Positive but with most government stuff we will never know.
I have been trying to dowload this app from for the last hr and all how i havent been able to download it to view my son result. So stupid!
Does not work well 😔
Can't get by the birthdate@
Couldn't access they didn't send PIN. Incomplete Still don't know test results Three days after notice and I still have no idea if I am positive for covid
The app doesn't open. Don't waste your time.
I can't get passed it asking for the pin. It keeps saying to try again. I'm entering the pin that was sent to me.
This app is highly suspect. It wants to install itself on a different device from the one that received the notification. What kind of security is that?
Received a txt message saying had my results, but app won't work, I enter my pin & it just goes round & round! How am I supposed to get my results?
App doesn't work once I put my number in it won't leave that screen
Draconian 1984 Spyware avoid.
This is the worse app I haven't seen, I do work at a nursing home and have been tested twice a week and didn't find 1 single results
This ap is NOT associated with any of the Health Departments in the State of Florida. It is a scam according to not just the Okaloosa County Health Department and Santa Rosa County Health Department, but also the US Public Health Department on the military base (Eglin AFB/Hurlburt Field). I have repeatedly spoken to each of these govt agencies after being tested at the military base (after being contact traced by the local high school) This app will take your info and spam you with calls & texts
Downloaded and deleted 3 times. Could never get system checker to work.
Using in Florida, this is the new and improved way of delivering results, I guess, IT WILL NOT WORK. (TC delivered results in Oct.) Clicked on link, downloaded app, followed the instructions, and won't accept the pin. Keeps saying try again. Useless.
I am not able to get this to download after multiple attempts.
It is very consistent when it comes to crashing. Especially when looking for testing locations. Tried again today and it still crashes. 04/25/2020
Not useful and not accurate. It checks every day if you have symptoms. If you even have one it tells you to get tested. I can do this fine myself.
Please get the app to work without Bluetooth being on. Your screwing this up, nobody going put Bluetooth on.
Waste of time trying to get this to work.
Useless app. Loads to 63% and stops. Tried numerous times. It is worthless
You shouldn't need to load an app to get test results. They should disclose that ahead of time so you can test elsewhere. Huge invasion of privacy.
Sounds like this app is costing Utah a lot of money.
This app is a shame !! I have been trying to open all day and it does not work.....
Wont open - doesnt make sense
All of a sudden the app switched to a foreign language and I can't read any notifications.
It does not have the most up to date results.
What is this for?
They do NOT notify you if you were at a business that had employees with covid-19. There is no response back when you question this.
It won't download...gets 75% then stops
Sucks your battery dry. Major concerns about privacy!
I need my results the app Didnt help
All evening trying to access results.
I am discouraged as I'm unable to get my results on my phone as it apparently disables cookies! I had no idea that phones even HAVE cookies! I've searched through my settings and can't find anything about allowing cookies! I want the results on my HOME COMPUTER, NOT my phone! NOT HAPPY!
I am unable to download this app. It goes to 63% and stops. How can I get my results? I need them for a flight.
Horrible app wont work can't get results!
Cannot open it so I can't get my results !!!! You should make sure an app works before you force people to see their results through you !!! How irresponsible !! The download stops at 63 % for MANY people.
I have never written any kind of review before. Getting my covid 19 results back has been the most frustrating and difficult experience. Im getting notifications that my results are in but they are unreitriveable . I put in the information they ask for and its not accepted . Its been 5 days since mt testing. I've downloaded the Healthy Together app and it just keeps going in circles . I called the testing site (CVS) and they just give me the same phone number ZERO STARS
First, why do I need to install an app, for a one time test result. 2nd the pin don't work. So how do I get my f***in results
I cannot get the application. Can't download. Stops at 63%
Couldn't get it
Cant give you to much info since after numerous times trying to log on I couldn't. So very disappointed that I could have covid and unable to get my results.
I couldn't find the answer to my test. If you do it, do it simply. More than half an hour, open the up and nothing. What a waste of time when you just want to read your test.
This app is junk does not work and this is important stuff that the tested need to know.they should just give us a call and leave us a voice message because this b******* out does not work and it's not cool it's not fair it's not right we're talking about a person's health.
It won't load on my Samsung Note9. I have to cancel a dentist appt because I can't access my results and print them out.
Waste of time. Download app, go through all the steps, says my results are ready but it wouldn't let me see them. Kept asking me to confirm birthdate and that I am the patient but stopped at that point. Guess I'll be calling.
Cannot access app will not accept the assigned pin
This app does not work!
Completely worthless to me. I have no indication as to how to get my test results here.
I entered pin and it won't move
5 hours later still has not downloaded
Can't get on my phone
Horrible, checked my results and then could not access my children's results
Terrible. Locked out at date of birth screen!
Beach ball just spins...no result! Same today as yesterday!
Latest update sucks the battery dry.
Can't download the app freeze in 63%.. need my results .. why do i need to get his app that doesn't work to get my results ?? .. i need other ways to get my results .. been waiting for this app to download over 15 min. . DOESN'T WORK!!!!
Tracker. Tracks your info.
Unable to access
Not able to download app it is stuck at 63 percent
Would not let me download
Unable to get my covid test results. Pretty bad app.
Terrible will not load stuck at 63%
My date of birth was incorrect therefore I am not able to access my test results. My doctor verified with me that they have my correct date of birth. The Florida Department of Health said they cannot give me test results and to submit a ticket through healthy Together app. Customer service emailed me back and said that they cannot help me and that my doctor has to resubmit the correct date of birth. My Dr verified with me they had the correct date of birth. I can't get my test results.
Can,t open message
To much
The app would not accept the code that was texted to me. What a frustrating waste of time!
Only downloaded it so that I could get my results, and I ended up having to delete it and reinstall it to see my results because it kept telling me the pin it had just given me was wrong. Very annoying considering I provided my number so that I could have my results sent to me, not so I could be told to download another app to get my results.
Does nothing when attempting to view test results.
It says my results are ready, I download app and someone else name show up 🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️🤷🏽‍♀️ I should be able to enter my name and DOB to get results
Unusual! No results find able yet
This app is AWFUL. The PIN # didn't work.
You do not have my consent to use my phone number in connection with your app to identify, track or locate my family/friends with this app. As I understand it, all of your contacts will be known as well as your contacts’ contacts. I will not use this app and I also will protect my contacts. No one has the right to track private citizens. I'm beyond done with the lies, hysteria, misinformation, draconian measures, and unconstitutional over reach by our local, state and federal government.
Told me to enter pin that was sent to me. Never got a pin but got some othee code which would not work as the pin. Useless!
Unable to sign back in with the initial pin and cannot change it or request a new one.
JUNK!! Will not open. Sometimes it says no results
I got a notice that my results are on this app . I get on the app and there are no results
Horrible app. I said my results were ready to be viewed. Two days later and my results were still not posted.
How can I even rate this a 1 star when I've spent hours just trying to get it downloaded!!! It just adds more stress to an even more stressful situation. FIX THIS !!!
This app ask me day of birth many times and doesn't give me the result
Tried to get my test results but thumb print didn't work and I don't have a pin # to enter. The # texted to me doesn't work as a pin # so I am stuck!
Been trying to download for 4 hours says it is installed ,but no sign of it.
I've tried over 10 times to install the ap... It stops at 63% each time. Will not install.
I don't see my results. PLEASE tell results of my covid 19 test. Martha keller
Can't get it to download
If I could Rate Zero, I would. Sent mine and 2 family members to my phone since we were tested together, but won't let me get their Results!! Stupid. Old people should not have to go through this!!!
Nothing happens after entering the pin
When I try to download the appt it says pending. It isn't downloading and I can't get my results without the appt. It is very frustrating
Stuck at 63% and won't download
Been trying to download this app to get my results since yesterday..........has been stuck at 63% for the past 18 hours with no luck......
There's something seriously wrong with this app. It won't let me past the birthday screen to see my results. it looks like there's a ton of others that have had this problem based on other reviews and the response is always that the test center put information in wrong. I know that the testing center has my information correct because I have a paper that they printed out with my birthday on it. And would they really mess up enough people's personal info to get this many identical reviews?
Been trying to download for 1 hour and never gets past 63%
So frustrated with this app. I have the info from the testing company and I've verified it with them but the app is still telling me the info is wrong so I can't get my test results. Seriously this is the worst! And the response from the developer clearly doesn't read the info I posted. I did verify with the lab, I have the info in front of me, all correct. It is the APP that isn't working!
It will not dowoad. Now I cant see results.
10/14 update Utah has moved fully away from the color coding as of the10/13 yet this "Official State of Utah" app doesn't show the change at all, this app is a waste of space and tax payer dollars at this point. Original: Just upgraded to Android 11 and am disappointed to see that this app is not currently part of the Google/Apple Exposure Notification System, should be mandatory or Utah needs to get some $$ back.
Cant even download this app beyond 63%. Doesn't work.
Dont know how to rate this app I'm trying to get my sons results and it isnt even sending me a code to log into it now what!
Keeps crashing when I'm trying to take the daily health checkup thing.
i cant even get the application to launch properly it crashes as it starts up preventing me from seeing my results
Installed several times. No result. Asked for assistance. No response. I received a response. This was also no help whatsoever. Why would anyone design, much less use like the state of Florida does, an app that is this difficult for many people to understand. It could and should be much easier to obtain your results. A simple phone call would have been much easier and much better. Florida should get rid of this ridiculously hard to use app.
App will not download. Download fail.
Not able to get a PIN. Restarted, uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times over the past 4 hours. At some point it is no longer worth the time.
Will not load
I' don't know my pin
This app dont work
I'd say this app has a hold up in it I need to download it because I need the results of the test it may not seem like it's very important to you but it's pretty important to me and the people who work with me
Loads up to 63% and then freezes. If you cannot download the app, how are you supposed to use it?
I installed this thinking it works be a good to use but when it would ask how are you feeling and I'd click it to use it, it would only give me an error about it not being available and to try later. I tried about once a day each day and it would do the same for over and over again, sobit being useless, I uninstalled it.
I can't even download the app it's taking forever and I got full service I just need my results
Put in my sons birthday and it tells me not valid birthday. Give me break, this app is not recommended.
I don't know what password are you referring?
Takes FOREVER to download. Not interested
Download stuck at 63% as well
won't download stopped at 63%
I can't open this on my Android phone.
I cannot open it. Im unable to download after several attempts.
I can't open app to get test results
App won't download
I cannot even retrieve a pin number. When i request it with my phone number i keep getting a connection error message that pops up. My connection on my phone is good. I have also sent an e mail twice and have gotten no reply.
Unable to obtain my results. Changed my password several times in effort to do so.. To no avail
This is a horrible app ... Why can't they just text you .... Pain to install and a lot about nothing
App asks for name, etc (ok, whatever) THEN WANTED MY PHONE PIN !!! No way.
The app has loaded in a birthdate that is not mine. All three choices are not my birthdate and the app then locks me out. Stupid!
It just kept buffering and buffing and nothing more load up it was horrible
Downloaded app used code given to me in separate msg. Then it asked for my pin???? What pin was I supposed to create pin ???? It never gave me option to create pin.
This it was sent to Robert Smith was sent to the wrong person
App non-functional. Developer needs to start over. Stuck at date of birth!
Worst thing I've ever used in my life whoever wrote this app should be shot
App keeps stopping for no reason
It doesn't work. Kept asking for a pin# I never recieved. Waste of time!
The pin I received does not work.
It showed nothing on the map!
Won't take my last name, due to this app thinking my last name is derogatory. So basically useless.
I've made multiple attempts to download this app and each time it gets to 63% and stops. Still can't view my test results.
I don't see an option for what to do if the testing site clearly has your child's birthday wrong. They misspelled her name while there and I had that corrected but apparently they also messed up her birthday. They should have just had me fill it all out.
I had no pin to complete
Don't download this stupid app. Stuck at 67%. What a disappoitment. Just another way for the government to keep track of you . Stupid app! Frustrating! Go through your Dr.
This site doesn't even work....... ! I can't even get passed log in!
Won't download.
come on realy
App seems more focused on asking you about how you are feeling on a daily basis than on tracking possible exposure via bluetooth contact tracing. App doesn't provide any anonymized statistics on your contact experience: how many people via bluetooth did you pass by today? How long was the longest duration of contacts? Etc App requests access to contacts list. My contact list has nothing to do with my possible exposure risk in public settings. People at stores or work are not in my contact list.
I don't want to download anything. I just want my results. So tell me how I can achieve that. This is hideous.
Wouldn't accept my PIN even after 4 tries.
I have made several attempts to download the app. It will not download. It keeps spinning.
Couldn't get past the birth date to see results. I deleted the app
I have downloaded it over 5xs & it says installed, but won't open & tells me to re install, but won't because it already is.
Cant receive any of mY results
Terrible app. Slow difficult to use.
Won't work
I can't get my results. This app sucks!!!
Does Not give opition to say you have been to your primary care dr. Or that you might have allergies or other issues.
Why do I have pay to get results, when my insurance company has already been charged, sounds like just another way of some agency making more money from a senior citizen that can't afford it. Down on east coast (Palm Beach County) even the test + results are free. I had pay thru my insurance company, otherwise no test in Okeechobee County, also saw County was only given 500 Vaccines for 70 yrs & older this past Tuesday, we have 20 x's that in this County, it's all about the money !
Had to uninstall 5 of my personal apps to install this one and it doesn't work. It's invasive and I'm unhappy. It couldn't even send me the pin it required me to request. -registered nurse
Very unhelpful. After creating an account I was able to see mime and my daughters names that our test results were in. However, when entering our birthdays, ot stated that BOTH of our birthdays are incorrect with what the testing site has on file. Kind of odd, since I filled out both of our paperwork, and have been entering the correct birthdays. Thankfully, we were given a paper copy of and we do know our results. I have downloaded and used the app simply out of curiosity. Uninstalling now.
Won't let me in this is ridiculous trying to find out your results
hit install, did nothing. help
The App does not work. Keep saying birthday and name is incorrect.
Have been trying to install and hung up at 67%.
This app. seems to be useless. After I downloaded it successfuly to my laptop, I clicked the results icon and got just another picture of the phone icon. Absoultely useless.
I'm not Robert, why wouldn't my results show up? William Horne
Might as well write your symptoms on a piece of paper fold it up in a paper airplane and throw it out your window
I am willing to bet state and local governments are working with the developers of this app to track private citizens. Since they will require your gps location and your phone number, there is no limit to the amount of location tracking they can do. Do yourself a favor...wash your hands and keep your nose out of everyones business and we will all be ok.
I was hoping that with the permissions required I would get alerts of hot spots in my area. But after hearing from government officials that they were not going to alert us about hot spots I feel like it's just a waste for me. I'm removing it.
I got the code numbers but couldn't get back to the original page to enter it. Why not use your last 4 of your phone number.
👎
App came down but when I went to click it wouldn't let me.
Stuck at 63% like a lot if others. I can download other apps and have tried everything in the google support page they reply to every review with. If it's the app, they need to fix it. If it's google, they need to get with google to fix it. There is no excuse for this if people have to go through this to get their test results.
Doesn't have accurate information or records. Uninstalled.
Won't show results on phone ap
Cant open it
Globohomo art. Not trustworthy. Asks for phone pin.
Hi I try two times to download the app but I don't see in my cell I received a notification from Florida health department to download the app is just said you will receive the app soon in your cell
I think this is a scam. It does not look like the app the Department of Health personally handed me a flyer about.
You can not turn off notifications! Also, pay close attention to the wheel when selecting your birthday, changing numbers also changes the month.
The app will not download and stops at 63%. I've ever tried restarting my phone. Results are the same.
It is just like the other users described. I get notification that test is ready, tells me to download this app, then enter info and cant get past my birthday because it says it is wrong. It isn't wrong and l find it odd that so many people got their info entered wrong by their testing facilities. Im afraid this must be a scam of some sort if not then truly this app needs a lot of work.
The installation process freezes at 66%
It doesn't @$&#ing load!! All I get is a blank white screen. @#_& you!!
It doesn't work 😕
Got a text notification 2 days after my antigen test results already came back telling me I had new test results, I quickly downloaded thinking these were actually NEW results, read the results thinking my PCR came back negative, told my family and about walked out of my quarantine room when I realized it was double of my antigen test results, can't imagine how many people don't catch this mistake, sad the government wants to push these app downloads so bad for $$ that they risk misinforming us
Worst app ever. I contacted the support when it happened. Still heard nothing.
I received a notice today that my COVID test results were ready. I clicked on the link and it took me to Utah instead of Florida and it said there were no results
I can't even install this app. Its stuck at pending. :(
I was able to get my results with no problem.
it doesn't work won't allow you to put birth day in
Telling me MY BIRTHDAY is incorrect
I can't even get signed in. It just keeps giving me an undiscribed error when I put in my phone number.
Told me my results were ready to view. App wont even download fully to view any information.
If you can contact my phone through a text why can't you send my results there instead of downloading a useless app, to complicate the process
This doesn't work. It didn't finish installing. I can't see my test results
Didn't, finish the installation, Stopped at 66%
Wasn't able to retrieve test results, complete waste of time
Same as everyone else, can't get past birth date verification.
Would like my results minus the BS
Hi there thing's are ok just a little tried, so l am trying to get all the rest l can get. Thanks for showing so much concern l know it pass
I went and did a rapid test came back negative but your showing me as positive. Hard to believe what's true when your reporting is off. Also extremely dangerous if we was positive and you gave us a paper saying negative we have exposed people unknowingly due to your wacked out test and reporting system.
Am not sure witch test resul i receive i did the rapid and the psr or pcr the one to travel all I get us a negative but no information as to witch test i receive and are the result going to reach to my email as well
Well it says my results of the Covid 19 test are in so how the hell am I suppose to get them?
There is too big of a gap in communication.
Why do you make people download this app in order to get their test results I have to delete five apps off of my phone just to get it that's not cool why can't I go to a website and type in my credentials and see it?
Doesn't open can't get my covid results. Have to go back in person.
Does not work. Tried multiple times. Just get "an error occurred"
Can't download
I think this app is fake. .io domain on the website. Why would any state in america use an outside country domain? Still only updated to 2020. They say in a text message my results are ready when they aren't even posted to the actual site the doctor gave me. Something's not right. I'm not putting my info into this.
Not good
I'm not even going to rate this app had to place one star to submit review it does not deserve not even one, it does not work you cant even open the application , have not been able to get my test results , unbelievable.
I kept getting messages that I had test results, but I had already gotten the results from the test provider. I finally downloaded this app just to make sure I wasn't missing anything... And no, I wasn't. What a waste of time and needlessly shared information. I'm deleting the app and am creeped out!
Did not work for me.
Complete waste of time, I can't get a detailed report on mine,cannot download my results either, only shows that I am negative. When I try to get my daughter's it won't accept the date of birth and then it locks me out. O stars app,please get rid of it and go back to the old system!!!! Also,I reached out to the support system several times, got 0 response from them.
I tested positive back in Sept 2020. I downloaded the app in Jan 2021 and imported my test results. Now it thinks I have Covid-19 and need to quarantine and won't give me a passport to go to work until Oct 2020 🙄.
I cannot even open the app. It jusr keeps buffering
It stopped at 67%... I need these results but the app won't download
I can't download the app
I can't even get into the app. Asks me to put in my phone number to get a PIN, but the circle spins and I get a communication error. I have tried at least 10 times throughout the day. It's ridiculous that I have to download an app and give my phone number and other pers9bal information to some third party to get medical tests results. Wish I could give zero stars.
I forgot my password and I can't put new one
This is my third time of trying to get my results and it won't give me my access code
Didnt find anything to do with my test results and they want me to allow my location! Garbage! Uninstall
Won't let me download app. It's been saying "pending" for days.
Having the exact same issue as other people verifying my identity with birthday.
Useless
It's asking for a pin number. But didn't send one. And it's clearly not my birthday. This app is useless
No good
All wrong information
Installed on my phone but will not open no instructions on what to do next
Sucks
Poor
Cant get my result
lots of spam after I download and put my phone number !!! dont do it ask your health care provider for a printed copy of your test... super annoying and I know it was from that app! updated... they do share your number... few days after I took the test the spam went crazy... didn't share my number with anyone else so it is obvious!!! DO NOT SHARE YOUR NUMBER!
The app want even download to get the results
This app is almost useless. I followed every step and just couldn't get through.
This app loads to 67% and then stops. Have tried it several times.
Not able together my result
I tried to download this app to both my phone and android tablet and will not download to either device. It just stops at 66% complete.
Terrible "app" . Doesn't load. Doesn't work. Grrrrr! I give up!
Trying to download for an hour. It is still trying to load
Cannot get it to install past 67% gets stuck. Why would we need an app to see results. Just give them to us by email or login. I don't want random apps on our phones. And how can the security be ensured??
Awful. I can't figure out how to set up my account in order to get my Covid19 test results.
This is absolutely ridiculous! Why can't I just have my results? Why go through the stress of downloading the stupid app which DOESN'T work all of a sudden? I'm not putting any other info into this app. Either call me with results or stick it where the sun doesn't shine! I've already had a neg result, so this secondary result is futile. Uggggh. You people would do anything to drag this out.
Can't even download the app on my Google pixel phone to get my covid results! Stops at 67%, same for my husband. You MUST do better and give another option than downloading your app!!! I need my results!!!!
Piece of garbage doesn't work at all
Can not download this app, how am I supposed to get the results?
Wont load past 67%
Not able to pass pin verification
Bogus app. Why would the State of Florida choose this as their app for something as life-or-death critical as Covid 19 test results?
I can't download the app this thing don't work I can't find out if I got covid or not
App sux. Can't even review the results
Will not download. Stupid waste of time. Just send me a text with my results.
I am trying to get my Covid results and its not working 😕
Can't get in.
Tried 3x to download and was unsuccessful.
I can't even download the app😤😤 gets to 65% then nothing...... I've tried multiple times to download the app.
It want download. It's been stuck on 67. Cancel it and try and download it again, and I get the same thing.
This app is useless. It will not download. Walgreens needs to get another app...
I can't even finish downloading the app
I download install and it stops at 67%. Tried multiple times.
Got notice that results were ready. Logged in successfully but no results available. It said check with doctor if no results after 5 days.
Like the others have said... the app doesn't work. Mine won't even download further after 67%
I can't get this app to even download. My wife had the same problem.
Can't even download the app
App won't even download
This app is a waste of time. I got my results from my provider faster and this app won't download past 65%.why launch an app when it won't even download?
The app won't even download
Can't even download the app
Very difficult and frustrating to place Pin # in order to get test results. It took several attempts to finally get my negative results.
Does not open
Not good. Ap has been downloading for over half an hour. At 67% no further.
Can install app from android store
Won't open so i can't get my results😡
Run away from this app. It will collect data about you and then it will not work. The objective may be just that, to gather personal infomation about you.
Results ready caant download app been trying for days?????
Don't need another app paid $40.00 for the test Don't need another app to get my result please send my result to my mailbox. Don't send me a link to download another app.
I can't even get the app to download. Stuck on 67%
Terrible, I need to know my results to prepare for surgery and can not get them
Trying to install and it hangs up at 67%. Can't install, can't use, so it gets only 1 star.
Trying get and remember pin number before you can get bin see it whatever don't like it won't use it don't bother me again
This app only loads 67% and stalls.
Won't download
Once they give you the pin it doesn't let you go anywhere else
It won't download abd I need my results. I have tried 3 times.
It sucks can't log in
Ask to many personal questions look suspicious to me good luck people name date of birth they already got you phone number we just have to be careful 😉
Impossible to log in
Cannot access results. I tried another Cell phone no results.
Unable to get into the app.
Spin, spin,spin circle of doom, won't install on Samsung A50. #WasteOfTime
Does not work!
Can't even download the app. It's been stuck on "67% downloaded" for hours.
I got the email saying the results were ready and to download this app. I can't even get it to download. It stays at 64% and will not proceed. It has been 12 hours. I have over 200 mb download speed for internet so it's not my internet connection. I have no problems with any other app. I can't access my results!
Won't download. Tried 3 times, won't go past 67%.
Desperate to get my results and this app will not download and open. Freezes at 67% each attempt. I've been trying for 2 hours now.
I am trying to download the app and it keeps stopping at 67% and won't load
It's not downloading stays Freeze
Cant get into the app..I have tryed everything and cant get a pin no. it keeps saying it sent but did'nt
Cant open this app, very disappoint. Gets to 67% and stops.
App stops downloading at 67%...?
I can't even get the app to download
After installing it I can't get it to work
Downloaded the app. Followed the instructions. Until they asked for the phone unlock code. I wouldn't have been using phone if it was locked. ? The folks providing the vaccine said they would email me as I had instructed. They did. So why are you texting me to install your app? I'm now going to uninstall now. And don't expect to hear from you again.
App won't download. It stays stuck at 67%.
This stupid ap says they have my results and I can't get it to install. Now what I have tried it a few times
Spins and spins and spins, doesn't load.
Will not move past 67% download
Not allowing me to download app to see test results
It simply wont download... Gets stuck at 67%
The app will not download past 67%. Literally will go no further. And there's no other way to get my results
App.doesnt work
Won't even download. I can't even get the app to download completely to review my results. So i can't review it fully but right now I'd give 0 stars if possible.
Nothing happens 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
This application does not work. I cannot get my current testing results, only results that are two months old. Complete waste of time.
HELP PLEASE!! Cannot Download App!! I have tried multiple ways to download this app (Play Store says my phone is compatible), yet the download always freezes at 67%. HELP PLEASE!!
We cannot even get into our results as the app keeps saying pending and doing the endless circle
I been trying to download the app, but it will not pass 67% I am frustrated unable to download from the link provided, how I will see my results
Can't OPEN APP
Unable to download past 67%. I have tried for multiple days. Samsung galaxy s9
Will not load. Stuck at 67%
It won't download so I can get my daughter's results before her surgery.
This is a joke. My wife got tested and we are trying to download the app to get the results and it is stuck at 67 percent and won't download.
Won't download.
have tried several times to download and just keeps spinning. cant even get my results. :(
App won't download stuck at 67 %....whatever
It doesn't down load completely only to 65% I've tried several times to obtain my results from the Covid testing.. Frustrating
Terrible App will not load past 67% I cannot access my results and there is no phone contact #. A simple text message would have been better .
Awful app. Why do they ask for a debt card to get results. Shameful
Horrible app, can't even get it to download!!
Installed but doesn't work....app won't send code to phone, Uninstalled and re Installed still doesn't not open...
Gets to 67% downloaded, then stops. What's the point of the app if doesn't download? Been trying for 2 hours.
I can't even download the app
I've been trying to download this app for days. I get to 67% only. Every try.
When I try to install it just says pending, doesn't work, tried multiple times and have strong internet service
Can't get the app to download. It has the results for my covid test
I habe 2 covid teat associated with my number. Minr and my sons. And because his info wasnt entered under my number i can not access my sons results.
Very worst more adds. Reminds is not updating correctly
Ads or a monthly fee. Ads win. Crappy ads
Useless.. 👎
Do not like an ad pops up everytime you try to input info.
It shows up in my task bar and overwrites the app I'm working with. I have to click on both to get rid of them which lists as if I've drunk more water than I am. Sometimes clicking on the task bar it still doesn't go away until I click on it a second time which presents as a 3rd drink water. Way too much time and effort to remove these reminders.
Never worked on my Samsung Note 20 Ultra
I hate this app it's the worst app ever how do I play among us with out it taking me out🖕😡🤬
Just now i have installed this app.. And i have set my weight and gender. Then it pops up a msg 'And remember to tap the button to record' if i go back to goes to home screen. I couldn't do anything else
FULL OF ADS
I have to buy a subscription why this is unacceptable even i can get refunded i dont bbn like it
Want to be able to enter account of water consumed. Presets not accurate.
I cant even log my water without an ad popping up. I dont mind ad's but 3 ad's just while logging 8oz. of water, in a 3 aec time frame, not keeping the app.
Sucks
Awful.
Sucks terribly. Tons of ads and isn't even what was advertised at all. It asked no questions yet already planned out how much I should drink. Just a joke of an app. Dont waste your time.
It is the most annoying thing ever it pops up every 5 minutes I hate it so much i wish it pops up every 1 hour and it takes you off the app you are using I hate it so much i uninstalled it haha take that you stupid app
ADS!!! I was inputting my parameters and an ad popped up. Wow! I haven't even finished entering my data and there is an ad. The complaints are on point. Way to many ads!
Not sure what is wrong with this site, keep asking me to "and remember to tap the button to record" but then is stuck on screen and not letting me to do anything.
Way to many adds. Whatever I press adds.
It's Stupid
Ads every 10 seconds... Seriously?
Too much adds
It was really anoying so when i was on other aps it just took me of it!
Says it reminds you to drink water you set a reminder for a chosen time but app overrides other apps always has drink water even if you just drank a glass 5 minutes prior. TERRIBLE APP
I love this app 😍 is the best app ❤️ 👌 I drink water every time 😍😂
Too many pop up ads
Not very user friendly. Inaccurate suggested use
Horrible it says it's time to drink water every 5 minutes literally, it enterupts stuff causing my phone to freeze, the app overall is horrible
It makes me drink water every hour
Wow. I just downloaded this app and every time you do ANYthing it plays an ad. You can't even set it up without a bunch of ads. Ridiculous. Uninstalling.
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎 This app sucks. It interrupts me when I am on other apps and there is no didn't drink water option. The only way to turn it off is to leave the app and the app you were currently on. Needs a snooze button on the drink water now option 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
to many Advertisinments so I can't deal with the constant out burst and it blocks the actual notification.. sooo no way
I don't like your attachment with FB plus you do not say exact amounts and some times is every few minutes instead of hours so it's crazy 😧
No interest I drink water every hour anyway and I'm not going to live on celery
A lot of ads and popups
very very poor app plz delete this app
Was excited to use this app but it would not let me use without permission to interrupt and announce over other apps. No. I use my phone for work meetings and other business while working from home during the pandemic. You shouldn't require a hostile takeover to use your app. Thanks anyway.
It sucks because it will show up when u try to play a game
Way too many ads..
I hate this app So much
It reminds me every single 5 minutes
Full of Ads, can't track details with so many ads...
Too many ads. Wants you to re log into fb & re do your pass while Your already in fb
Why is drawing over my others apps necessary??!!😡😡😡
I can not do anything with out a damn ad poping in ....it sucks ill set a timer to drink my water
Yuh there's too much ads ...I don't like it
One star. Very intrusive app. Full screen ads are popping up even when the app is not in use. Hijacking your phone. I'll report it to Google.
Did not work
So many ads... Irritating
Too many ads
So this is more of a question then a review but I just wanted to ask if this app wakes you up at night when your asleep????does it?
Awful to many popups and not easy to understand i was frustrated witin the first 2 mins.
I hit it so bad
😨😨😨😰😰😰🤯🤯🤯 tooo many ads
This app is a good idea, but the makers of this app didn't know much of anything obviously. You would think and apps like this would have some alarm to remind you to drink water. It does not notify you. so I asks the makers of this app, what's the point of the app if it doesn't remind you to drink water?
To many ads
You can not track your water without a hundred glitchy adds that make you just frustrated and close the app. I only had it for a day and I can't stand it so I'm downloading something else.
This made me die in a serious game so I deleting
Too many ads
It will not let me open it unless I give it permission to draw over other app? Why 😭
Constant ads, overtakes everything.....horrible app. Had to uninstall to get my phone back.
I don't like how it keeps forcing me to take a quiz when I had already taken the quiz. It is annoying 😡
🤬🤬🤬🤬😫
horable I hate it its so buggy and I go to the app to drink when ever it reminds me bad app
Way to many apps.
I don't understand what to do at all, pls explain to me what to do
It's ok
Too much adds.
Your app is confusing
Good idea but ads are too frequent & too many. Makes the ap annoying to use. Can't recommend.
To many adds couldn't customize my bottle size
Does not have any chime or buzzer sound to attract your attention. No good!!😡😡
full of adds really anoying
Not working
Everytime I track water, a commercial pops up. Can't have that happen while at work or library. Plus, it only allows u to track 1, 3, 6, or 10 Oz at a time. If u want to track 8 oz or 16oz at a time u have to upgrade and pay. Removing app now!
App Never Set Up
I told them I wake up at 10 and sleep at 9 and it still rings after 12 that's so annoying 😕😕 I'm disappointed
Intrusive pop ups that cover my entire screen while I'm in the middle of other things which negates it's purpose due to incessant pop ups if the notification is going to interrupt my daily use of my phone the app is worthless DELETED
It pops up on my entire screen, and interupps alarms and other apps.
Unable to login using key
Never use this gym. Worst experience ever. My contract expired 3months ago member of staff told me to cancel my direct debit and he wil do the rest for me, what I did it. Now is march, and I still keep reviving messages to pay the fee, which until now I suppose to pay 90 pounds for nothing. Worst ever
Won't let me download.  Not my phone, service, or Wi-Fi.  I've downloaded other apps since I've tried to download this.  When it works, I will update my rating
This app is totally useless, i can't register for my free map my fitness upgrade for one. Also I can't access any of my visits or schedules. I will update my review when the problem is fixed. I was so excited to learn that I could track my progress just to be very disappointed.
Hsve two download 3 additional apps just to get the full use. Otherwise it just tracks gym visit frequency
Crap
Unable to find membership details.
This is quite the welcome to a new gym membership:  - When creating an account, you can't past the second email and second password. This encourages weaker passwords and is generally annoying - The registration reports that it fails. It seems that the account is created as registering the second time fails with email already in use. Which password is it using? who knows - While just sitting on the login screen with my email entered, the app will eventually show a "Sorry! We weren't able to complete your request. Please try again later. Error 0". It keeps doing this over and over - Resetting the password results in the same error code - Submitted a support ticket via the app which is then marked as "Won't do" with no further explanation and I get another mail to join their ticket system. I stopped at the point where I needed to create an account and left with the knowledge that the support option in the app also doesn't get you anywhere  Much like the dev team, clearing cache and reinstall are of no help.   So you have an app that doesn't work, doesn't tell you why, and have a support team that don't seem to want to support you. Welcome to your membership!
I keep getting a "Duplicate Provider Error" when attempting to update it, and even when reinstalling it from scratch.
I can't create an account!!!
Can't log in, membership not found. Contacted gym, they dont know why it won't work....
Doesn't work. Logged in but 'something went wrong'. Reserve gym takes you to browser where you have to login again. So what's the point?!
What's wrong with this app..error 10……? Even using submit ticket feature errors out.
My Anytime doesn't work because of "network error." Judging by all the comments here, pretty sure it's an app error. Also can't submit feedback to get it fixed because of "error." Also wanted it due to promo email, but can't access :/
So much for entering one of the promotional giveaways......still waiting on that confirmation text.
Complete crap. It won't even find my membership. I'll be glad once I can cancel the contract
Doesn't even allow me to create an account. Useless.
App doesn't save your login info, which makes it a PITA to use, especially when it refuses to log you in even with the correct credentials. Very little to do on this app: look up branches (which you can do on the mobile site) and check your gym time ins. Nothing more.
Doesnt work at all wont let me log in.....it asked for my keyfob number and stilk wouldnt let me in
Error message when trying to log in.
Wont let me log in
Won't even let me login.
It only shows how many times you went to the gym. No workouts or anything that it's supposed to feature as an app.
I haven' been able to get in. I've restarted my membership a few weeks ago and despite trying to get the managers to help me ot stoll says inactive. I really need to see my progress. Why can't this problem be solved?!!!
forgot your password procedure does not work.
Useless app. Doesn't show my gym visits even after re-linking. Doesn't sync 
with fitbit.
won't sync with my fitbit. says it's linked but doesn't pick up any information from it
Can't load app from Google play so not able to participate or interact.
Poor
Not even half baked
It won't sync with my Fitbit and track steps, miles, calories, etc. 
although I've allowed access. I have to log any activity manually through 
Mapmyfitness and its not accurate and still doesn't show up on the health 
feed. I'm rather irritated after 3 weeks of trying everything to get it to 
work.
Terrible
Same deal, the My Anytime section doesn't load...which, given there is currently a competition requiring you to log in to that section, is incredibly poor.
Pointless app.. The screen shots do not reflect actual functionality..
Doesn't work with UK memberships? Doesn't send verification emails or the key fob code doesn't work
Not working
Impossible to sync with Garmin Connect.
App doesn't work won't let me get in why have an app if it doesn't work please fix the app so I can use it
I can't  login
Doesn't work
very slow!! unreliable
Just trying to find workouts. Used to be easy, now nothing valuable in here, just sends you to the under armour site which is way too complicated. Just want workouts like it use to have.
Not good... Unprofessional people in gym
Crashes on open
Will not let me log in after initial sign up.
sucks
Couldn't even use the app because it won't let me create an account. I tried linking it to my membership with my phone number and it never sent the text. I also tried using my fob, but that didn't work either. Was really looking forward to being able to use this app, as it was one of the selling features of my membership.
Cant load my membership, keeps saying retry again later. Can this please be fixed?
Since the most recent update I can't even log in to the app. Just continuously loading.
Can't create an account to log in. Says my email address is already being used.
I find it amusing how the person who took my money as I joined the gym made this app big selling point.  Yet I can't do anything with it since I can't log on.  Better for her to have been silent.  Now I'm annoyed!
It's useless app
When I click My Anytime it does not load due to a Network Error. No issues with the internet at my end for anything else, so I'm guessing this is an application bug. Also ... can't submit feedback on the app!!
Hopeless. Utterly useless.
Cannot log on (Error 10) which means I can't access the Workout app either. When I'm able to use it, I love the workouts and being able to track but the apps are too finicky to be reliable. Why are there two apps to begin with??
Where is the options in app lila goals, workout more... not found after installed the app. only show personal info. and visit history....
Doesn't do most of what is listed.
Sucks
Doesn't work..shocker
Only thing it does is locate other Anytime Fitness locations, which is really great for someone who has never heard of Google Maps.
This app no longer accepts my login details. Recover password function not working. Create new account not working.
Tbf anytime fitness is a bag of bollocks, nothing ever runs smooth with the place apart from the direct debit.
Wont work
It doesn't have what it intends to have. It just shows me when I've get 
into a gym...rubbish
It all went great until it locked me out saying my password wasn't valid 
anymore and it also displays an error when I try to recover it :(
It keeps saying that it can't find my membership details, when the gym I go to are able to send me emails and text messages with no issues. The staff there have tried to help, and even requested support as to why I can't gain access, but no one replies. We have even tried changing my email address to see if that was the issue, but it is still not working. Which means I cannot access the Anytime Workouts App.
Won't recognize key fob or phone number, useless
Kept locking up & didn't get past setting up an account.
I have a phone number that I don't have anymore... Do useless app if u can not log in... Anyway comments are no really eager.
I don't understand the point to this app. It said I needed a code to use the map my fitness app and this one, but it never sent the code. I haven't even used this app once. Not worth the space on my phone. Deleted it after 1 day.
Doesn't work
I downloaded the app, I fallow the steps register the fob but is coming an error: something went wrong. Try again later.....not the amazing start 🤔🤔🤔
Like other members even my "my anytime" won't work
There is no schedule for classes on app
Unable to use the app.. not able to use key or even sms is not being sent to my number..
Does not show my visits.
This is essentially a dashboard. It lets you see the membership agreement, but otherwise it's useless without downloading two other apps that actually do things. It connects to MyFitnessPal and a separate AF workouts app. Why not just have it integrated?!?
Won't let me set up an account. Can't get past them asking to send me a text. I even sent a report a few days ago and still no response or anything.
Worst customer service ever. My card expiration date was March 2020 but never attempted to reply to my email for cancellations of my membership Now i am being charged too many fees because i wasn't able to pay. Never again to deal with you!
Would not take any password I made. Too bad.
can't log in despite repeated attempts. beyond frustrating!!!!
Worked great until recently. Can't login and can't create an account. Sent a support email but nothing done.
Wasn't impressed.  Everything you do, you need to install another app.
I got an email telling me about this because of a promotion that's happening at the moment. So I download the app, and go through the process of linking my membership up to it, but the moment I try to see anything about the competition? Nope, doesn't work at all, says there's no connection to my network (despite it being connected to my home WiFi, and sitting literally less than two metres from the modem). Guess what's being deleted off of my phone in about 30 seconds?
Still does NOT synch or update with Fitbit or Suunto Fitness 3, only synch works with the Garmin Activity tracker which is not useful.Zero Stars if there was a option to select.Noclu wh s t improvements this time , I shallbe deleting this useless App !
Tried to activate it, I got the text code, and ya it's just not working!
My Anytime portal doesn't load &  app doesn't let you send feedback
a waste of space on my phone, doesnt do much, none of my goals sync...what is the purpose?
I get to verifying my membership with a text and it closes!
Was really looking forward to using the app to keep track of my workouts but all it really does is tell you where the gyms are & the dates you visited. Could have been brilliant. Can't help but feel the gym has missed a great opportunity.
Since the update I can no longer log in.  I tried uninstalling & reinstalling but still don't work please fix this!
Used to be able to see how many times I've gone to the gym within the month,  it says I've been 0 times .. but i go twice a day, 6 days. Not sure what's happened.  No one else i know with the app had an issue. Just mine.
not working in india not able to login
Useless. When I first installed it appeared to have linked my account, and 
had my first visit linked. However has not worked since. Does not link my 
membership, and shows it as still pending. Does not show my visits, or 
anything else useful to me. Waste of time installing and reinstalling.
Doesn't recognise my account. I can access the site using a browser, but the app cannot find my account.
Text verification not working. Wish i would have read the reviews before installing
Why do you need access to my pictures?!
It worked one day and I haven't been able to enter since.
The app wouldn't recognize my FOB number to link to account. When I tried to submit feedback for support, it gave a technical error. I'm uninstalling this app.
Wouldn't recognise my phone number or key fob code.
Fix your sms membership confirmation during account registration. 3 attempts and no sms received.
i can't login
app does not work i pay 34 pound a month for a 24 hour gym not limited by the hours the staff want to work neither can i book time on the app as it does not log you in garbage thinking about moving gym they take money but no support
Won't install. Error code -505
This app is useless..i can't log in using both my email and KF.
Can't login, keep showing error 10
...m
The app refused to allow me to sign up cannot recognize my key fob number or confirmation code and I am a legitimate member
Since update, u cant log in. I have changed password and still says password or email is incorrect!! What gives
Most of the advertised features are not present.
i wish we can do something more than viewing our visits in gym other features are not really there I wish this application get updated if that is the new feature cause it feels like the app that should help its member is not really helping at all
Like other reviewers I can't create an account. It's asking me to try again later. Until that is fixed it is useless to me.
Can't find my account terrible
Downloaded yesterday but keeps crashing today. Can't use it even though I have uninstalled and reinstalled. Frustrating.
Cannot imagine a more useless app. App contains NO WORKOUTS, despite 
description. Devs want you to download a totally different app for those. 
All this does is track your gym visits. Oh, and you can track your steps 
and calories via your wearable tracker, but if you have one of those you 
ALREADY HAVE AN APP TO DO THAT! This is just redundant and useless, which 
is why after thousands of reviews it has three stars.
Why your app need to have permission to see my photos or docs?
Better to not have an app than to have one that doesn't work. Member for 2+ years and have revisited this app multiple times, has not worked yet. Should not have to email if known issues not resolved. I want to use the app not help develop it. Very competitive market, Anytime Fitness should do a better job at helping franchisees attract and retain customers.
Me and my wife were charged 30 dollars to me 80 to her for nothing during a month the gym is closed , unacceptable
Can't loggin please fix it
The developers did a sloppy job making sure it talks to other apps and devices correctly. Basic issues like data not pulling from the correct source and not being coded properly, like my number of steps showing up where my "calories burned" are labeled. Doesn't link to the Anytime Workouts app either (if the app is going to be separate, they should at least talk to each other correctly). Great branding, and nice to look at, but not conducive to tracking anything except how often you go to the gym. The information simply isn't helpful because it requires the use of 3-4 other applications that have to be downloaded separately.
Deleted this months ago as it doesn't sync. Just downloaded it again as my gym recommended it and it still doesn't track anything
Health Feed? Goal Setting? Where are those? I can only see my Gym Visits 
and finding gym location which is pretty useless in the first month. Please 
update! - PH
Dosnt work at all, doesn't let you log in even with all info given. Only can get the location of the nearest gym to work.
Make an account to do anything. Really?
This app is Straight up Garbage 😠. I cannot login using my Key. It doesn't pick up my gym automatically nor can I add it to the list. So I'm basically unable to use this. I have submitted a ticket for support. I hope they answer.
Same as everyone else
Useless. Wont even let me log in. Dont waste your data.
Doesnt work
Unable to sign up through the app. Security code not accepted despite numerous attempts.
As i Login in app nothing is useful for me, netiher shows visit Exercise 
goals steps calories in short only name shows Visit is blank pls help
Useless in Mexico
Doesn't recognise my mobile no, key fob number worn off. Sounds pretty useless anyway - uninstalling.
Poorly designed software that won't let me use it.
It does not do anything your phone or watch can't already do. And has little to no control on doing things with your membership. In short, pointless
login issue technical difficulty not able to login or sign because of a issue Errors not received or response responding to my email requesting required request information not received to agreement please try again error message please fix the app & get it working again needs maintenance updated app needs updating upgraded to a new features version
Keeps shutting down
It doesn't work, I couldn't create my account using my fob key or my phone number.
Worst gym experience ever. They've itemized their membership cancellation policy in such a way that you will never be out of their grasp. They will reject every piece of request and reasoning you provide. Moreover, they will never explain it to you while you are signing up. As because they can utilize it to screw you over. Will never suggest anyone to join this gym, rather keep off people. Would have rated negative if possible. Please avoid this gym for your own sake, join any other gym instead.
Don't forget your password. Reset password and after successfully doing so through the password reset option app just kept reading error when i tried to sign in with new password.
It still doesn't work.  At least not for galaxy s5
I found my app irritating and not very user-friendly
Searches the map for a minute then shows no gym locations
Won't send the phone verification code. No other way to log in. App is functionally useless
I've tried multiple times to get this app to work. Just a practice in frustration.
The screenshots look very inviting and was looking forward to the workouts 
and the Health Feed but when you open the app, all you will see are 
Settings and a record of your gym visits. So, pretty useless. There's 
nothing to help you track your weight or goals or workouts done. If 
features are nor available in a country, it will be nice if it is disclosed 
right on the app info page. What a letdown. 👎
Crashing!
As soon as I open the app it tries to login and fails. The app then crashes.  Worked up until the most recent update
app doesn't work!
Wouldn't sync to accounts. Has potential to be great but is useless as is.
They do not pick up their phones. Yes i know this is an app. I feel pissed enough to come out here and say this. I have moved from my location and do not want to have a membership with this club. I have no other way of reaching these people
app is for members only. it doesnt give you any option to view membership details gym details etc
Loved the app until the last update. Now I am locked out and cannot recover 
my password. It's disheartening that the developers haven't addressed these 
issues considering all the similar reviews.
Not sure why this exists
Can't login
Wont even let me log in or create an account. Very frustrating
Won't install on my Samsung tablet ; does anything else need to be said.
Is anyone supporting this app? It wants to text me to verify my membership. I never get a text. Can't use it. I just want something quick that will give me locations and facilities. How hard is that?
Not going to waste my time when I can't even log in. ✌
My anytime does not work (network wont connect). Only good thing is i can see my gym visit history.
to book a clases it opens a website and you need to login again, poor integration
never get a membership. the worst customer service. I cancelled my membership and their still charging me for it. charged me for 2 months in one month they are the worst.
I cannot link my membership. I tried using both my keyfob and mobile numbers, and none of them works. It always says that my membership cannot be found.
Won't let me login with key fob or phone number. Waste of time.
I am not able to register my account on it since Feb 2019. it just takes the number to send OTP and it takes forever still there is no OTP. god knows what is this app good for.
Lied to me about cancelling my membership. I was charged once again. I will never ever do business with them again
I downloaded this for the workouts. There aren't any.
The app sucks. Won't link my gym membership. Keeps saying try again later. Garbage.
Should probably make sure your app actually works before sending a promotional email about one of the features...
Can't log on even with staff help
Can't register
App keeps crashing when trying to verify email to set up account
Worst gym app ever get a real app
Can't load the My Anytime. So can't win prizes. Whats the point in making an app and emailing everyone to download to win prizes and it doesn't work????
Haven't been able to book any classes as I cannot login to that part of the system oddjy. Raised it 2/3 times and nothing's been fixed.
Absolutely useless. Not impressed with Anytime Fitness' online and app offerings.
I can't even log in. Membership not found.
Seems as though some of the features are limited in Japan.
No purpose
Poor developer support that does not respond to issues. I submitted a support ticket weeks ago with several email followups and received zero response. App has several glitches including incorrect Fitbit stat import. Has no Facebook support.
Useless
This app doesn't have anything. Unable to find Goal options. Only giving details about your membership and visit.
Can't log in. Can't recover password.
Unintuitive and a hindrance to use. This app is very basic yet it's not user-friendly. I wanted to book and reserve time slots so I can return to the gym, but it not only crashes when I try to make a reservation - but it also also doesn't work or seem to allow me to do so. Making reservations using an app is usually a cakewalk, but not this time. Its such a shame too because I was really looking forward to returning to the gym.
You have to download like 5 other apps in conjuction with this. The workout app is great but you download it separately. All the main app can do on its own is track your gym visits. You can use your fingers and do that too...
couldn't even download it
It just shows the nearby gyms visit history and personal info. There is NO HEALTH FEED, NO GOAL SETTING, NO WORKOUTS LISTED.
Can't log in
not available in the Philippines yet :(
App is absolute rubbish doesn't recognise as a member when it actually works doesn't recognise email or numbers Rubbish!!!!!! Up yours app creators!!!!
I can't sign in with my fob and the sms doesn't seem to work
This app was fine until 25th May. Now cant log in. Error message. "Sorry. We weren't able to complete your request. Please try again later. Error 10"
Bad. Very, very bad.
The app doesn't work and allows you to loggin, even though created an account.
The My Anytime Portal doesn't load and when I tried submitting feedback on the app support section it also wouldn't allow it! This app needs some serious maintenance.
I even can't log in
I also received the email saying there's a promotion on and to gain entries to win open the "My Anytime" portal on the app but it has an error message saying network not connected. Please fix this asap so I can complete achievements!!!!
Was suggested to download this and it won't even go past the log in page
Just doesn't work... Says error and even reinstalling the app doesn't solve this..
Same problems as all of the rest of the comments. My Anytime doesnt work. Great network of gyms but the app developers need to fix the bugs if they want to be taken seriously.
Pointless
2nd time to review this app as the first was removed, this app is useless as I am unable to connect at all either by email or my key fob, I am a member in Japan and have been trying to connect to this app to track my progress. Absolutely useless
It was successfully installed but unable to find my membership account either by phone or KEYFOB when I create an account. UNINSTALLING!
App update was useless can't get any help to contact my coach during this lockdown period
Not working for indian members? Cant login
It claims my membership is inactive or can't find my membership even though it is in no way inactive. I contacted tech support and have had zero help in resolving this issue.
It just says can not load. So it's a useless app
Thought of joining this gym for long enough, since it has numerous branches across the country, this app provides me it's location and offers, seen a branch with good offer but hola, it's brand ambassador email me, this offer ends last year. .. Omg. Don't the company update it's app? Truly disappointed already even before signing up. Seriously, will it becomes jist another page of gym history,like planet.....
How are we supposed to go to the Health Feed? No buttons to go there? Can't press the back button?
User name or password not recognised. Seen loads of reviews saying the same so don't hold out much hope of it ever working. Waste of time and data.
This app doesn't allow me to log in, even after entering the keyfob code or SMS.
Wont link to my account. Says "cant find memebership. .. Stupid.
This app is ad heavy and ever since I downloaded it, my phone has been filled with ads and they won't go away. I'm furious about this. I can't say anything else about it because the app is straight up unusable due to all the ads and now my phone is being attacked with ads every minute. Absolute disgrace.
Has all my information and says my membership is inactive. Interesting considering they take my payments and I have access to the gyms with my key fob and in the gym itself it says I'm in good standing and they have no idea why it says that.
App doesn't work. Tried 3 times this year.
booking gym classes doesn't work anymore through the app
Ask me about it after I've used it.
I haven't even had the opportunity to see what this app is capable of. I'm still waiting for the code to be texted to my phone. C'monnnnn!!! It's been 2 days.
Can't recognise my phone number nor fob
Playstore shows a completely different app when I downloaded it. Probably still not available in PH for some reason smh
App is biased towards US customers, and offered to international customers. E.G. the only postcodes available in personal details are US one's. And your free MVP upgrade for "map my fitness " is not available to international customers. If this is fixed the app will jump to 5 star rating.
I try for several time to log in my account, but keep saying I'm not member, either email or key fob.
Constant error meesages
Garbage app from a garbage gym franchise
Poorly constructed.....have to install a second app to access potential workout routines. Useless!
Not sure what the point of this app is... you need to sign up for another app to even track your workouts?
It stops every time I try to set up my account. Currently useless
This app doesn't work. You can't log in and when you go to write for help that option doesn't work either. Please fix your bugs
Couldnt log in
crashes every time I go thru the lengthy process of signing in. I get to the point of it asking to send me a text and then boom -- nothing. Useless.
Wont let me create account
Never been able to log in. Even tried manually entering my FOB number and that won't work.  I see the problems seemed to have started in February. Don't you think you would address these issues by now??
The app doesn't do anything my fit bit tracks my workouts better since I can put the list of waits on this app
Cannot process request? Can't login, can't create account...can't use the app!
My membership was not found?
The text cannot be verified and I cannot get past the login page thus rendering the app useless.
Cannot log into the app (error 0). refreshing the cache and clearing the app data still had my email remembered.
Incredibly difficult to use, slow and not user friendly. This is no reflection on the gym, just the app. Ive used other gym apps that have been much easier to use. To book a class you have to click through so many screens and its always asking me to log in (doesn't always recognise me either!) And its soooo slow!!! The layout for the gym classes barely makes sense and the garish colours! Its very juxtaposed against their in gym and website branding.
Poor business to force people into this app that does not work to print visit attendance.
Terrible
I downloaded the app but if won't let me log in. I know my log in information is correct because I can log into the website just fine. Please fix the app!! It would be so much more convenient if I could keep all my info on an app instead of having to log into the website all the time. Fix, and I'll give a 5 star :)
Shuts down when try to create an account
App has never worked since joinging the gym 6 months ago. Try to link membership and can never get it to work
App crash. Can't sign-in my member page even using the key fob. Developer need to upgrade the system.
I am a member but it seems they cant verify my membership. Neither through key fob or through sms.
Same as every one else
I'm using the same log in details that I use online but the app keeps telling me it incorrect. Please fix and I'll review my rating.
Tried uninstall, reinstall- still has a network error everytime.... Waste of time.
Rubbish app
Keeps coming up with an error message. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling but no improvement.
I really, really do NOT like the new interface!  I much prefer entering the app and seeing a dashboard of my workouts and feeds from connected apps, like the Map My Fitness Workout Trainer app.  Now I have to go hunt-n-peck about to find information and it just does not seem as cohesive of an interface.  Oh yeah, one more thing.  The "Free upgrade to MapMyFitness MVP (a $29.99/year value)" does not seem to work, if it ever did at all!
My anytime section doesn't work. Feedback in app doesn't work. Only installed this because of the promo email, but I am many others are just down rating this app to the ground.  Great promo guys,  haha
Download stalled at 6.72mb and went straight into installation. Error 505
Junk! It won't work
Unable to link membership
My anytime portal won't load. It says "Fail to connect, please check your network and try again" every time I try. My network is fine - the problem is your app! FIX IT.
App won't open
It will not find my account with the key fob.
Now that I have blocked the app from accessing contact & pics some of the features don't work. Why do you need access to contacts & pics??? And the free upgrade is NOT free. It was going to charge me $1. Charging only $1 is not free!!
I had to email my routine thru anytime health. Problem is if you zoom your email the document becomes blurry.  This is frustrating. Can someone please fix the app. PLEASE!!!!!!
I still can't get into the app. is this going to be fixed?
Does not recognize that I have a membership, so I cannot set up an account.
Won't let me log in....so frustrating
Not working. Can't log in. Getting error message code 7-8724
Receiving error message "We weren't able find your membership with %1$s. Please check it and try again. You can also contact your gym for help."
Click on find a gym and it sends a message saying it has stopped working Everytime. Deleted.
My membership was not found. Even if sending via App Feedback & Support it doesn't work. It returns unable to complete request.
Not helpful to me at all. Uninstalled
Doesn't work. Can't find account information and gym doesn't know why.
Text verification not working. Because of this I can not use the app. I'm new to your health club. If you put something out to paying customers please make sure it works. Looking at past reviews this problem has been going on for the past 3 months with no fix. It raises some questions and concerns.
Ditto to what they all say
I read some reviews about the text verification bug and that it had supposedly been fixed. I just got the app yesterday and I am still having the same problem. Why make the app if nobody can use it?
Not usable. Can't register nor login. It returns an error message saying "cant complete your request right now". Here I thought only people are lazy. Apparently this app is too!
Doesnt work
Doesn't recognize my number or key fob number app is useless
Wish app actully tracked things
Like a lot of people, the "My Anytime" section doesn't load because of a network error. Well I guess if there really is a network error then this review won't post so that's lucky
Make an account for the app = okay sure. Then prompted to make another account for under armour = goodbye.
As everyone else has said, only downloaded to enter a promotion. Nothing works. Maybe test your app before going live next time guys.
I can not do anything on this app due to not allowing it to access all my information. Hate this app.... Do not waste your data.
Constant fail messages, blah blah, same as everyone else. Really not great if reopening the gyms hinges on people being able to book quickly and conveniently via this app.
App Doesn't Work At All. You get error 0. When trying to submit support ticket the support website says sorry unable to process at this time. so the support system doesn't work for an app that doesn't work.
Can't even log in.  No support from developers either
Does not recognize  email,fob nor phone number..useless!
Honestly sucks. I can't see any of my visits or anything. Not sure the point of this app!!
Excellent gym, terrible app, have never been able to log in, forget the app but definitely go to the gym 😁
App has stopped working completely and it's not being fixed.
There are no workouts page in the app as shown in the screenshots here.
Not good. App requires too much personal information. After I got it installed, I could not make a reservation at my gym. Not a good experience.
Doesn't link to account
Can't make reservations... which means I can't use the membership I pay for.
App keeps crashing
Doesn't even work can't sign up
Not good . cant get in. but they still take ur money.
Can't get in without a reservation and can't make a reservation through the app. I have to call everytime and half the there's no answer.
Wrong membership information show in this app
Terrible app, poorly designed
This app sucks. Was suppose to be free for the first week to try then if u didn't cancel u got charged. I canceled the next day and still got charged. Will be doing a charge back.
terrible, a waste of money, they make it seem like you get all this stuff but you get next to nothing for the ridiculous price they charge. save your money and look soke stuff up on YouTube or someting. this is a pathetic and very predatory grab at money
You barely get any features without subscribing. I'd rather try it before I subscribe to it.
Doesn't help me but I have insomnia
I just dont like how in one of the article things it said that there was an experiment where they deprived dogs of sleep and they DIED I thought your app was a sleep booster not an app where I have to stay up thinking that some jerks killed innocent dogs. Thanks I guess.
$100 is too much for any app
Scam fake totally fraud app
Sucks
Stupid.
Better free apps out there.
Waaaay too expensive. No thank u 😂. I'm sure I'll sleep better tonight knowing I just uninstalled
Stupid app, wakes you up in the morning to start asking their many questions about app review. Really when I barely woke up, what a stupid app.
It keeps killing my phone and waking me up when I haven't set an alarm. I dont even use the app but it drains my phone battery thinking I've woken up before I actually have. Annoying. Uninstalled finally.
Accidentally purchased and cant get a refund of my $52.99 I would never pay for this app I sleep fine...I have sent a lot of emails asking for my $ back with no reply at all...SCAMMERS!!!!!
Trash app. They either begging or distracting you all day with dumb questions and worthless facts.
This app is completely useless unless you pay. Not a single useful feature unless you send them some money. Also, an alarm that I never said wakes me up in the middle of the effing night! I'm going to go to the home of the owner of this app and wake him up in the middle of the effing night! Are you effing kidding me? You're supposed to improve my sleep and you dare effing disturb it? I'm calling somebody at this company today!
Most options aren't available unless you spend money. It'll only record one highlight which you even need to watch adds for to listen to. On the entertainment scale it's a -9.
This is literally the stupidest sleep app I've downloaded. Everything that marketed as free is actually only included with a subscription. The app design itself is crusty it's a waste of phone space.
Bad
Every little thing you have to pay for and even for the testing a feature out you have to watch 10 second long advertisements. Just make the app a paid app!!
After signing up for the 3day trial and only using for the first night before unsubscribing, I was charged 39.99$. Worst experience. No email back from them trying to resolve this EVEN after multiple emails from me. TOTAL SCAM APP
Don't have what I want
All this app does is beg for money
unless you unlock the premium price you dont have access to the sleep results or other offers within the app. went through the whole setup, to wake up, and not be able to see results....ugh!
What a joke. Doesnt let you monitor your sleep pattern by a push of a button. Very confusing on how app works.
You have to be more explicit about sitting my alarm clock - otherwise it's a reckless vialotaion of my sleep. I didn't sign up for the free trial because the on boarding flow shows how this app is trying to do too many things. But it managed to set my alarm without warning me that it will set. Awful job people. P. S. Canned responses from the developer 🤦‍♂️. Changing rating from 2 to 1 star.
I have tried to cancel the first day of the trail and they still charged me 42.60 I want it cancelled now
Don't make an app free to download but then have a charge to use the features. That's pointless
Poor quality and not as advertised.
That was some trial period. I unsubscribed the same night I got it, but you charged me anyway. Why charge before the trial was over? That's unheard of. I need my money back RIGHT AWAY!
Not worth the download I wanna know what happened in my sleep. Do I need to pay for sleep?
$5/week for something a free app can do, yeah, shove it! 🖕
I tried the three day trial and it wasn't suitable and I attempted to cancel my subscription but I cannot manage my subscription because it did not show up on my subscription page
Very Disappointed that the pay features work for a second then cut out completely causing to get up and pick a free meditation thing and start over, theres no snooze for the alarm, meditation when it works is too loud and the calming sound is too quiet.
Its a great idea but to pay that much just to hear what you're doing while you're sleeping is absolutely ridiculous and robbery!! I do like the application it's just way to expensive!!! So until the price changes or goes away completely I'm Uninstalling! And I've went through all of the comments and you would think that the developer would make their application better after all their horrible reviews and I've seen more bad reviews than good. So the developer's must really like screwing people👍
To pay that much money for something to record "if" you snore or talk at night is ridiculous.
Way too expensive, dumb app. There are free ways to do what this app does.
Garbage. Everything requires payment. Add it as a payed app to play store, this is false advertisment.
Uninstalling. I was under the impression that this app would be free to use, but after seeing that I have to pay actual money to even TRY to help myself get on a better sleep schedule, I just turned away. And FYI, I can't sleep very well at all. 6 hours most of the time, but if I do sleep longer it's usually for like 14 hours. Not to mention, I can't even START feeling tired until midnight or later. If I could give an app 0 stars, I would do so for this one.
False advertising, its pay to use mostly. WhoTF listens to heavy rain to sleep or even nature? So distracting for me
They took 42$ from my account! They steal!
Money grab beware looks good but expensive
Won't let me pair my own fitness tracker we the sleep capabilities. Way too expensive, not even close to worth it.
They charge me for this app $34 without me agreeing to pay for it I feel like it's fraudulent
Way too expensive right off the bat.
NOT A FREE APP
You have to buy tge stuff advertised
It's free until you download it, then you have to pay for it to work.
Are u joking? I only downloaded this app to keep track of my PTSD nightmares and what happens when I have them (the snore and voice feature) AND YOU HAVE TO PAY!? I can only hear when I was still trying to sleep But if I wanna hear the rest of them. I HAVE TO PAY!? THIS IS A JOKE!!!!
It prompted me to pay for a subscription before I could even access the features. Lame. 😩
This doesn't help me sleep at all but its probably because I didn't buy a $35 dollar lifetime Membership to get help to FALL ASLEEP. I hate apps like these where they want you to pay money for dumb stuff when you can find it on Youtube. PLEASE DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP. It is a waste or time and money. Your welcome.🤣🤣🤣
Outraged who do I contact to see about getting my damn money back about the 40 dollar charge u took off my card without my knowledge and I see I'm not the only that this has happened to I want this resolved immediately I've already contacted my bank and others to take care of this so I would appreciate some cooperation on your end
Rubbish
Very poor, alarm woke me up on a Saturday when it wasn't set then told me I had sleep debt...because of the app. It also only let's you listed to 1 recording for free and that is the one when you 1st "go to sleep".
Not a free app. Cannot try until purchase. I do not purchase anything, unless I know some things work.
Paid the $19.99 for the upgrade that tells you "you snored", "you talked", "you farted". It doesnt do that at all. Couldnt get a refund because it was after 48 hours that i realized it didn't do as it was advertised.
It's a waste of time to download you have to pay a crazy amount for the premium features
Asks for payment information before it even demonstrates what it does.
The fact you want camera access to asses my heart rate was just plain stupid. Biggest scam I've seen to date. Feel sorry for all these poor suckers who fell for the trap.
Doesnt work
The one feature that looks cool (tracking things as you sleep) cost money XD
Calming sound no longer plays when starting the ritual.
Pay to use, pathetic.
you need to pay for everything.
Really!?!?!? You have to pay for it!! Prices are way tot much! I rather video record my self all night instead.
Retarded you don't get no info without paying 40 dollars. Rip-off uninstalling taking up air In my phone.
Overpriced, and not worth it, dont download it.
If you don't get premium it's basically an alarm clock.
I was really going to get into it. Bought the wrist tracker and then it said it was sold out. Ok, oh well I guess. Then I see on my bank account that I was charged for it. Messaged for a refund since sold out and haven't heard back. Out $54CDN. Would like an answer as to why.
Dont bother
Glad everyone pre warned that you have to pay upfront with no free trial. I will NOT download at all. Thanks for the heads up!😁
This app does not do what it says it's supposed to do. I know I talked in my sleep all night. It does not record it like I said it was going to. That was the only reason I even got the app in the first place let alone the yearly plan.
An extremely invasive loud ad with no close button and unexpected behavior app that i struggled hard to keep a little bit. Always buyme buy this buy that. Like the dirty streets of kuta in bali where every 10 steps there is an organized crime member offerring to sell something. Seriously who is the father of the disgusting idea to put harressment into all pages of any of the ads? Rape much? No? Loud and locking screen kind of harressment ads...
Not free
This app is a total scam. I picked the subscription option to pay to get full access and it still didnt give me full access. It wanted more money. And it doesnt even work as well as expected.
I would say it's a great app but I signed up for a free trial and it charged me $50 some dollars that day. Now I get to fight with play store and if I'm lucky in 12 days I will get my money back.
It doesn't do anything. Not worth a dime.
This app is trash, why would anyone pay for this?
What a joke!
Contacted them via email to cancel my subscription and still was charged 3 days later. Still waiting for a responds and a refund
Had to uninstall because if I used my regular alarm it would still go off and then mess up my phone to where it took 20 minutes to find how to stop th 2 alarms going off while my phone e was screaming at me, it somehow glitches my normal alarm where the dismiss button wasn't showing up
Im not dishing out money to hear recordings of myself. Crappy recordings at that. All you want is money, you get no real content on just the free app. Greedy crappy app.
Demo is pointless as it wants you to pay for listening to you snore, or make a noise. Very expesive weekly charges for doing next to nothing. Lost sleep waking up to see if its done anything, tgen just asks for money, get a fitbit as its a much better investment
I didnt feel like it was anything like it said it was. I was quite disappointed really.
i hate it as soon as it got to the meditation and heavy rain sounds i felt i was being pulled into this darkness everytime i closed my eyes
Everything has to be purchased.
Why the hell does this app cost so much damn money? Legit all it does is help you sleep, my google home can do that for free, waste of time, do not download.
Your ads are the worst ads I've seen in my life. The "You talked in your sleep" sounds like a p**nhub video. I only downloaded this app to right this review on your horrible YouTube ads since you turned comments off. Also, I'd rather not be giving you access to my phone and life 24/7 if your ads are that terrible. Have a wonderful day.
Dont download this app or Buy the subscription, it's not worth it and a complete waste of money, it barely does anything it promises
Horrid the app decides when its waking you up with an alarm and then you cant turn it off untill you watch ads which is great at 5:30 also it turned up alot of spy ware on my phone this app is useless i wouldn't bother there's many better apps it also presses you for your credit card details alot
Premium is ridiculous.
The app is easy to use but it tricks you into payong for it later on after only a 3 day free trial but does not give you info on how to unsubcribe to it at all. If anyone knows how to unsubscribe please let me know asap.
Heart rate and sound do not work. I want a refund
If you don't pay for a subscription, it's basically an alarm clock
RIP OFF. SHAMEFUL
I want to give it no stars. I started it and didn't like it and I tried to cancel the subscription and it wouldn't let me cancel it on the app so I messaged the support to cancel it and they charged 43 dollars. I'm outraged and I want my money back
Not worth it
Install the app and within minutes you demand money? Not cool.
Way to expensive !
If I could I would give no stars. Its impossible to get ahold of support or the developers. I wouldnt recommend using this app
I wouldn't recommend this. These types of ads try to trick you with a fake monthly plans
Horrible I deleted the app and still got charged
This is just not doing it for me.
Download if you wanna pay for this..
I am taking this off my phone it doesn't work for me at all very sorry. And the price is WAY WAY WAY TO HIGH I CAN'T AFFORD IT. I AM TAKING IT OFF MY PHONE NOW SORRY. STOP TRYING TO CHARGE ME FOR SOMETHING I DO NOT LIKE PLEASE. STOP STOP STOP.
Does not work
Doesn't work, freezes, doesnt offer much
Very bad, I decided they i will be using just for the trial period after finishing that trial period I've seen in my bank statement that 39.00 usd has been debited from my credit card. I did not decide to continue with this. I've cancelled this subscription
I added this app just for a trail didn't like it I thought it had been removed and canceled but after a month or more not having or using it I was charged 42.79 today I'd like it back as I dont have a use for this app not did I want it
Nothing is free, you get like two sounds to listen to, to hear what's recorded you have to pay minus the first one which is normally before you've even fallen asleep far more apps out there with better features and not some ridiculous $40 membership to do anything don't bother with it doesn't even track well as it doesn't show you waking until you actually go into the app
Worst app ever!! I did a free trial and i thought it was lame, so i deleted the app. Then, i re downloaded it to see if the trial got cancelled. It didnt. Now its gonna charge money on halloween. Worst app ever.
It sucks all these ppl want is money. Too much money
roban tu dinero muy mala aplicacion ojo extraen dinero de tu cuenta
Could not use as it asked for money
Dont even waste downloading most of the futures requires premium. I had to wait until morning to learn listening is premium feature...
Uninstalled in under a minute once I saw the prices!
⚠️DO NOT GET THIS APP. YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR ALL OF IT YOU DONT GET TO TRY IT FOR FREE.⚠️
Downloaded this app for the snore/sleep talk section but you can't playback your night recordings without paying for a subscription. I don't want to be paying out big bucks for just that so I will be removing this app and look for a different app that offers same thing for free.
Trial isn't free. And it picked up my son's tv. 5 hours recorded of him playing psx. Only had it 8 hours and no refund.
Cost too much
No go. Shockingly expensive. Drains battery overnight so your phone is dead by the time the alarm goes off. Completly useless app
Paid subscription needed.
Too many ads and restrictions.
Horrible customer service. I have contacted them 4 times with NO response. If you think you will be getting the snore/voice feature with the regular app payment, like they lead you believe, you would be wrong!!!
Hilariously bad, yes it's free but that simply means you can download it for free. If you want to listen to ANY sounds of you sleeping you best get paying... Pointless.
The app is completely useless and a waste of my time and most importantly mone. Because its through my google play I was automatically charged for the app because I had it downloaded. I declined the paid version of the app when I used it the 1 night I tried it and was given no notice that I would be charged what so ever. I didn't sign up for this it doesnt help me or offer any type of help with my personal sleeping patterns I want my money back!!
Because I don't get a video of how to work it and how it works and so on and so forth..
Do not download unless they prompt you with a ToS agreement. According to their current ToS they assume you are at least 16 years of age (just by downloading) and agree to everything in their ToS (which includes data tracking, sleep schedule, what you do on your phone).
This is nothing like it is described on facebook. It just records everything in half hour segments and doesn't tell you what was recorded (snoring, talking, farts, ghosts). I don't want to listen to all of this just to hear myself snore.. Also I did the free trial. It told me it whips alert my 2 days before it was up, but it didn't. It also said that my subscription would start on the 27th and I went to unsubscribe on the 26th so I wouldn't be charged, but I already had been.
Unless you want to pay for the app (subscription) don't bother downloading. Recorded 17 different sounds while I slept, only allowed me to listen to one of them as a free user which I still had to watch an add to hear. IMO not worth it.
Worst night sleep I've ever had I was actually hallucinating!+!
Unsubscribe me
Have to pay for everything and the free features suck if i could give it half a star i would
Not worth paying for. I'd pay for a monthly subscription of hulu before ever consider paying for something as useless as this.
Can you please tell me how to change the time in smart alarm cause i cannot find a way to change it to my desired time
Woke me up 2 hours before my alarm then asks me to pay before telling me how my night went. Plenty of free ones out there for that and I'm out! Sleep buster more like.
I am trying to get a refund, sleep boost has taken my last £36.49 for a subscription I did not make plus the app was not working correctly to start with, it took this money saying for a 6 month subscription but gave the date from 21-24th February 2020. I will miss hospital appointments and be unable to care for my sick mum properly for the next 2 weeks, the shock and anxiety this has given I can not explain and definitely more lost sleep coming my way!! I am devastated. Sincerely Daniel Price
You gotta pay for it it aint worth it dont waste your $$$
Terrible, horrible scam I had the free version for a few weeks and it was telling me that I had 14 sleep recordings available, asking me to subscribe to the service to access them. I thought you know what that's interesting, I'll get a weeks subscription to try it out and see if I snored much or talked in my sleep! NOPE! I purchased the week subscription and SUDDENLY I have NO sleep recordings! What kind of scam is this?? I want a refund out of the scheer dishonesty in lying to me this way!!!!
Can't even look at the demo sound without paying which doesn't make any sense...
Payd
It's not free
It is impossible to cancel this and get refund. Worst app ever
VERY expensive. One of the first screens you are greeted with is the subscription and payment screen. Way too costly for a basic app. Not worth the money.
To expensive
Terrible
Not paying for an app track sleep. Needs to be free.
You have to pay for the full app. Hate miss info apps
You have to pay $35 a month, while other apps are free.. very horrible marketing technique. Didnt even have it on my phone 5 minutes. Wouldn't waste your time by downloading this
These guys getting paid from our sleep...
Never let user try, but ask them to waste the money right away, how come we buy it without trying?
Unless you pay, it is kind of useless
This app is poor ..firstly I found it harder to get to sleep than I normally do .I woke this morning to look at my stats and discovered I had to watch a video to hear my first hour ..then to reveal the rest I had to pay 38 euro .uninstalling
Voice tracking is not free
dont gave any trial
Don't bother.
The trial is 2 days, they take your money $65 and plus extra! Scamming bastarts, don't download, and I wanted a refund but can't contact them. Via the email they provided.
Cash grab app. Literally any useful features are premium only features
NOT FREE! PAID APP!!
why put a potential user under the impression that it's a free app? Seems a lot like mis-representation.
Scam
Unsubscribed and was still charged.
Not free requires membership app doesn't tell you til it tries to charge you
Do not install this app. They charge you 43.00 and wont let you cancel out for 6 months and will continue charging you
Charged 6 months subscription not on my own! firsly i saw now that somehow you charged me 38-39 = $ 6 months subscription. i canceled the subscription from google play but i want full refund from this subscription. i even do not had the application and somehow im charged 6 months of subscription. I tried to contact you via contact us in application but that send button dont work. Back in my message or im going at my local bank from tommorow
Some nights it works but most it doesn't. I know I move and snore quite a bit while sleeping but since one of the updates it no longer registers any of this. I sleep with my phone 2-3 feet away from me so I know it isn't too far away. Disappointed seeing as I paid to use the full app. I don't find it is worth the money at all.
Amazingly frustrating. It has turned all my alarm sounds off and now I can't get them to work. It's very invasive .
Trash
Worst app ever
Horrible. Emailed numerous times. They don't respond at all. Responded. Now again no response. Just looking for my refund.
They just want your money
Just wants your money with silly lifetime offer
Terrible! Beware! Refuse to respond to emails. Will not refund despite the app subscription being stopped the day before payment was take. App did not work for us! Scammers. Removed my review even!
Not even worth downloading cuz even things that you would consider or what should be considered basic functions to the app is all have to be paid for like literally the only thing you can do is turn on and run the app and it'll monitor your sleep but everything else you have to pay for nothing but a cash grab
It is very worst app to use it's don't have any personal information box plz I tell not to download
Awful. Publicidade enganosa.
I have been trying to cancel my subscription for over a month and it won't let me!
Automatic subscription when I had emailed to cancel but wasnt cancelled.. very annoying and dangerous
It will cost u
Not happy it charged my card right away rather than after the trial. How do I know of I actually like the app and want to spend that much on it??
You have to pay to use
Hit the free trial to see if I wanted to use it and yall charge me 42 f****** dollars for a year that messed up. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
Its bull having to pay for a voice recorder. I have one on my phone for FREE. Im not paying $5 a week to hear myself sleep. Screw you guys and your crappy app.
They fail to let you know it costs money, and says it's free.. Waste of time.
They charged me while I was doing my 3 free trial! I've email them about getting my money back and no response.
Customer service is disappointing & app is only mildly interesting. I did the trial and intended to cancel before I was charged. Unfortunately, I was caring for my disabled adult son who'd contracted Covid-19 while still fulfilling my full-time role for my company as a nurse case mgr for hospice. I missed the cutoff and was charged $40. I tried to refund through the Play Store and immediately contacted the app developer. I was basically told 'sorry about your situation, but you knew the policy'
Horrible!
Makes u pay for it and doesn't give you a choice.. very apart all I did was download it to get a better look as my docters sudjusted and it doesn't do anything my Fitbit can't do and my Fitbit does more and my Fitbit app is free
This app wakes me up at 9.07am for no reason!!! I got woken up again!!!!!!! I was sleeping so soundly and the meditation came on and woke me up everyday even with my phone locked!!!!!!! I'm so so furious! Please fix!!!!!
The add shows the main feature which is paid other than that it is just a normal alarm app
Not paying for anything
It's a crappy app and it doesn't allow you to look and you're data through the night unless you pay real money which I hate
I installed this -- paid lifetime fee -- and during the install, something else must have piggy-backed with it because now I have ads popping up on my phone constantly when I try to open any app. It had to have come with this one, though, because it is the only thing new. Also, I can't seem to find explanation of the different screens anywhere. For example, the nightly records are separated into half hour segments (30 minutes), yet each recording is only an average of 2 minutes long. What portion of that 30 minutes is being recorded? Less than 1/10th of the time segment does not give an accurate reflection of what is going on. The "smart" alarm doesn't work as described. So far, after only two nights, I'm extremely unhappy with this. Wish I hadn't gotten the lifetime and had only signed for a trial.
Garbage scam. Have to pay up front. Do not install.
Awful
No just no....
Annoying
The coolest feature is premium
Subscription service means uninstalled straight away.
It wasn't very helpful i get some in app purchases but ya I didn't like the app in general
Absolutely worthless. Why would you even bother letting people attempt to record a sleep if you aren't going to give them any data until they have paid the huge amount of money required to unlock it all. You can't try before you buy. Waste of time.
Scam fake
Useless
I don't like it becouse it keeps on ringing really loud even though i turn it down and it keeps on waking up my family which I hate!. If i was you i wouldn' t get it. It also kepps on making the sound!!. You can check it your self if it works for then good for bye😑😑😑
Horrible!
They took unauthorized money from me. Theives... I want my money back
They make you pay to hear your own recordings. Not a good app!
Why does everything involve having to pay??😡😡 I need to pay to sleep??😡😡 I think I'll have nightmares about this app😡😡😡
This is not free. You have to subscribe and pay monthly before you actually use it. Just trying to save you the time wasting if you're planning to download it because it's free on the app store.
Lol, didn't even open this app after reading the reviews. Lost me in having to pay for features when advertised as free.
Your app is trash it never did anything for me except made me a lighter sleeper
Useless app
Money
Please remove your highly sexual ad off of YouTube.
It's a scam.
Horrible it doesn't work and it has a lot of adds ..
Im trying to reach the support as I want to terminate the free trial of 3 days. The mails I have send has been not delivered. Any advice please?
Almost $40 unless you want to pay a stupid monthly fee and does less than Sleep As Android. Doesn't even give you a free trial to lure you into the ridiculous payments 🤣
Don't download !!! It's waste of money. Does not do anything . I want a refund and they don't even have customer service . I want a refund. What a scam !!
Not many options in the free version. Heart rate totally inaccurate. Too many ads. Not worth it
I'm ask to pay again when I've already paid full price to have unlimited. Do not buy
Keeps charging my card even though I deleted the app!!
Not as described in the ad I saw !! Downloaded for nothing !
Everything you want, you have to pay for. Not a free app
Ads, pay for everything separately. He just records everything all night not when it hears a sound. Great idea, but too much hassle no real benefit.
One that wasn't me! I never went to sleep and second of all I didn't even know it was recording! This is a fake you guys! Do not get this app im saving you the worry I just want to get an app like this to see if it works and obviously it doesn't! If I could give this app a zero I would!
is disrupting the function of the native alarm, and makes you waste a lot of time closing advertisements. And it makes you unable to close the native alarm application. This is very annoying when you're waking up.
Only paid service
Too expensive for what it is.
Updated to a one star because they added some voice to the breathing segment and you can't change it to where they aren't talking. Tbh I'm probably going to pay for this app to get all the features, BUT I love the breathing and the bed time story seems to put me right to sleep after.
It should be mentioned that you jave to pay first to use it..disappointing
Parental control sucks
Just downloaded and was excited to try it out but it's a bit pricey. You'll have to pay for a subscription to enjoy this app. 4.99 a week, 20 bucks a month.
They charge for it
You have to pay not free
I should not have to pay to do literally everything except set an alarm which my phone already does for me and there are plenty of apps that do better. On top of that, it set the alarm for me at 7 in the morning. I did not ask for that to be done. I didn't do it myself. Why would it automatically set an alarm for me? But other than that, this app really isn't worth it unless you're willing to put money into it and you literally cannot do anything with it otherwise.
I purchased after seeing an ad and can't even get it to read my heart beat. Too many ads kept popping up while I was looking at it. Will stick with the free stuff I can get from other apps as this is not what I thought it was going to be at all. Deleting it now
Horrible, you allowed my ten-year-old son to overdraw my account by 40 some dollars I want my money back just as fast as you took it.
Useless
Trash u need to pay
Would have given it zero the Stars if I had a choice.doesn't tell you till you get up in the morning but you got to pay for everything including carrying your snoring hearing your breathing hearing you're speaking checking your heart rate after the initial check this is BS. $35.99 for a month really?
Describe my experience? Painful! Got charged for a 6 month subscription on the 3rd day of my free trial. Emailed the developers that have been unresponsive. Sent off to Google for investigation. Still awaiting any response off the developer about a refund 1-month on. App wasn't as expected and wasn't as advertised.
**FALSE ADVERTISEMENT** You have to pay for the snore tracker and movement tracker. The only free available features are: meditation, and alarm clock. Don't even bother.
NOT worth the money AT ALL
All in all enjoy using this app as it DOES help me fall asleep. That isn't my issue with it, my issue with it is on October 20th it had offered me a 10 dollar "lifetime" deal if I Iocked in within the next 10 minutes or something? I ended up doing it, thinking I wouldn't have to be charged the 6 dollars each week anymore. Well its not even a month later and I've had each and every weekly charge since and have screenshots to back it up. DONT DO IT IF THEY OFFER.
The ad was wierd and cringe so i just decided to give it 1 star
Will not answer any of my customer support emails
You have to pay to use this app smh...
Now that my account has an unauthorized withdrawal of almost $45, I'm not such a big fan anymore. I hope the issue can be resolved.
Way too expensive
What they advertise you have to pay for..they should at least mention that in the ad...useless.
Pretty ridiculous. Asks you to take heart rate by covering your finger over a flashlight. I have a samsung s10+ and it actually hurt my finger (I assure you I'm not being dramatic). For an app that is supposed to improve health- I would say this is extremely poor.
Not worth the money
I so badly wanted to like this app. I paid $32.00 for a lifetime subscription, but after a few days I lost access to all premium features. I've tried to get in touch with the developer to resolve this, but no response.
Don't download unless you plan on BUYING THE APP!!! ($19-$40) Even if you select to turn off or adjust the alarm it will still go off at the default time of 0600-0700!!! 😡🤬 I wanted to just try this app out to see if it would help, but seeing that it is one big adfor it's watch, and the fact that the thing would NOT wake me up at the time I needed it to, forget it. If you can't trust people to honestly TRY OUT your app FULLY before buying, what are you hiding??
Terrible! Smart alarm doesn't work! Paid for lifetime asked for refund but never got response!
paid only
Everything is locked behind a pay wall and there's an add every time you try to open something in the app. I do not recommend this app at all.
You cant listen to or get the real data and events without paying Total waste of time Much better options out there. Dont waste toure time
Two day trial then autocharged $40. Bad business practice. Edit: gave them a chance to refund me and they didn't even reply, download at your own risk!
A joke you have to pay for every little thing
Too many ads. Didn't convince me enough to buy paid subscription. Dont see value. Thanks but no thanks.
I would like a refund
Absolutely useless
don't bother getting this app unless you want to pay for a monthly subscription. It will record your patterns but you can't view any ig the stats without paying.
Laughable. --If you must have this, there is some sort of sale going on at the time of this review and if you decline it, it'll be $20. --
Lame
This app don't work how do I get a refund back 😠 how do I contact google I would like a refund
First of all I was wrongfully charged before the 72 hour trial period which is awful and wrong of the company to do. The most disappointing feature is the recording. All mine did was record street noise or what just sounded like hour of static. A complete waste of time and money!
it's a pretty pointless app unless you wanna actually pay for anything. It let's you record your sleep but then requires you to unlock their premium by paying a certain amount of money
Even after unsubscribing Im still getting billed for an app I don't even have on my phone. Do not put your card info on this!
It doesn't even allow me to do the 3 day free trial and it doesn't let me hear to all my records for the one night it only let's you hear to the first one after you watch an add ofcourse even when I wanted to pay it doesn't work I don't know what the heck is wrong with this app but I'm so disappointed 😡😡😡😡
It a uless app
This app does not work with the silent specifications of your mobile I was at a early meeting in the morning and the alarm went off also it did not appear like the alarm does so you could put it off it was a bit embarrassing to have this happen Can't put up more as it was just the first week of trying the app
My finger BURNED HELLFIRE when placed on the camera and flashlight; as required. Not worth ANY $ and I cannot fathom why they'd allow this app to burn people
Not even a trial period? Y'all not shy about insisting on money right up front are you? Then, WOW, you hit it for a TON of money!! I can see maybe $2 a month, I might pay that, but NEVER what you're asking. BEWARE don't waste your time and money.
too many ads, no free featutes, disappointed
Worst sleep tracking app. You don't get any of your own results unless you pay. All they have, AND YOU CAN'T EVEN DO ANYTHING WITH IT, is demo info. It's literally just to show you how your own info would look on the app. I was honestly excited for this now I'm just pissed I wasted the time and space for this, even if I was sleeping. P. S ANY RATING ABOVE TWO STARS IS A PAID MEMBERSHIP
Horrible, battery draining & useless.
Well you do have to pay for this program to track you (first of all) I understand they gotta make money but like 8$ a week for it to pick up your snoring really? 40$ for a month? Hands down not really worth it 👎🏿
Not free at alll
You have to pay for it.
Bs pay to use
This should not be classed as a "free app" it has almost 0 features unless you pay for it.
You have to pay alot! To get the features described in the add you have to pay money and it doesn't even work! I still have problems falling asleep and waking up!
Horrible app
Purchase by accident pls return my money. I don't use this app.
At the very beginning it wanted to check my heart rate by having me cover with my finger the light on my phone, well, I have a galaxy s10 and I couldn't even place my finger there 10 seconds it burned my finger. The app turns the light on to the brightest and there is no way of changing that. Stupid app. Seriously I am not exaggerating. The phone actually warns you about not touching the light when using the flashlight in their two higher settings.
No way to cancel!!!!!
Garbage you have to pay for almost everything even trial requires payment.
Absolute joke. Records your sleep then asks you to pay to view it. Pathetic waste of time.
Alarm has only one daily setting. App is annoying circle which is constant on screen. You can move it but not delete it even after uninstalling app on settings it is Still on my screen. At a loss how to delete it.
Cannot listen to my sleep recordings without paying.. why did i even download this. Not worth it to subscribe to a "free trial" Update... cannot listen to any of my recordings. Only thing you can do is view them.. that is all. Deleting the app now. Will not get it again. Cant even watch an add to listen.. if i could give it 0 stars i would
It's an alarm app. You have to pay for everything!!!
Why pay lol should say it's a payed app
Downloaded, started setup then it asked for money....not free
You have to pay for everything ands it's very expensive. Don't waste your time
Trash
The free version isn't just incredibly limited, but the amount of ads you're forced on to do even basic things such as browsing the app itself is ridiculous. Don't even bother.
Just like any other app. Barely gives you information and begs for money.
Expensive af
Scammed, supposed free trial. Took $42 without me realizing it till today.
3 days free trial? Just unsubscribed after one night trial to be told subscription wont be renewed after may! But I dont want to pay at all! Feels like ive been scammed good and proper! Irate customer.
35$ or sub.. wow this is price gouging..
I want my money back app was useless 👿👿👿👿👿
As someone who snores and does sleep talk, this would have been an excellent resource. However the most useful functions are hidden behind a pay wall for a subscription service that is prohibitively high to be usable by most people, or deal with incessant adverts that chew up data. As such I'll be uninstalling and definitely do not recommend
I canceled this before the free trial and still got charged For it. This was the worst app I have ever downloaded. I want my money back now.
It is a ripp off. Very expensive.
Dont want to pay. Not free.
Bad app keeps playing ads is a bad app
Not free.
Sleep booster is a terrible app don't use it at all I clicked on three day trail as soon as I clicked the free trail they went in and took £34.49 I am disgusted google play should take this app down please stay away from it it just wants you're money I'm on the phone to my bank right hope I get my money back....🤬🤬🤬🤬 I give it no stars..... I've been forced to give it a least a star before I'm allowed to post but they don't even deserve one star...
No free trail unless you put your card .very bad
My partner used it and she also suffers from ptsd you use a trip to the forest which actually set her dreams of a difficult time in her life and its taken trips to the mental health team and also therapy because of using the app. I think you need to think of the users and maybe provide different scenarios. Who do I speak to and can you provide contact details please as our solicitor would like to speak to the company director of this application
can I please have a refund
Whole app behind adwall
Do not recommend you have to pay money to get your results, the app is just a scam
Just horrible, might aswell just set the app a price if you want us to pay for the only thing I clicked the add on for.
This thing dose not do as advertised this is just a person that talks to u as you sleep then recs ur sleep. And WANTS U TO PAY FOR IT!
3am wake up alarm!!! Wth
Very bad... Everything is paid for.. And they don't tell you when you install the app.
I never downloaded this app. I never subscribed to it but I was charged weekly without my knowledge. When I tried to get customer service to remove this subscription they just charged me for another week! Very upset!
Well if those annoying robo call ads... THIS DEV HIDES ADS IN APP WITHOUT STATING IT UPFRONT. May need to report this to GOOGLE PLAY. Also this is a total subscription it should state FREE TRAIL FOR 3 DAYS UPFRONT. Warns minus 5 stars as in negative 5 stars. Doesn't just let you back out to exit app. First offers so called 80% off. Then another few attempts to rope you back in. Then pow the ad. I then hit open all in memory and close all to exit out of this app. Using NOTE 9.
Maybe tell people before intall that you require payment for a monthly plan this is stupid ill put a fan on and play some white noise and sleep just fine. Dont pay for this trash
No free trial. Might be good, but I will never know.
I uninstallwd this app weeks ago. I am still getting charged $5.30 loke every 3 days. I didn't even use it. How do I stop the payments?????
It's very irritating because it didn't even let me listen to the recordings and it said I had to pay to do so and I'm not paying £4.99 a week just to hear me snoring so I suggest you make the app %100 free
Free to download but you have to pay for the features so what is the point of the app. Deleated in 5 mins
Paying for it is dumb
Sorry, hate it, how do I get my money back?
All about the money ...nop
U charge. I should not have to pay for something like this
It will not load. Ive tried
Its sucks! You have to pay to most things!
My girlfriend used this app and it scammed her out of 40 dollars.
It won't let me unsubscribe and keeps charging my account. ZERO stars it's a con
Free really. My expectation just went down the drain.
I can't do anything
you cant even use the app without paying for a subscription. lol no thanks.
On the part where it tracks your heart beat, the camera burned my finger because this app makes it super hot.
Wow Sticker shock! The price is a little steep. And a 3 day trial is not really enough time to try before dropping that kind of money
After charging my card for this app someone attempted to charge $133 to the same card from France, this is the 2nd time I'm posting this review, first review miraculously vanished
Please stop billing me for an app that I have not had installed on my phone in months.
it didnt help me at all
They still money from you.
Stupid App!!! I try sign up for the 3 day trial to make sure I like it before purchase and it tries to charge me for 6 months worth. Never have I come across an app that takes money off you for a FREE trial!!!!
Stupid
This is complete trash
Functions only work if you try a 3 day trial, beware though, you have to pay 39.99 for a 6 month subscription if you forgot to cancel it. Uninstalled!
Paid $32 AUD for an app that is inconsistent. I have night terrors and this app gives me only 1 voice recording in the 30 mins before i wake up.
This app sucks if I want to here if I snored or made any noise I have to subscribe and pay like 40$ to hear it and the sounds and the meditation sounds make sleeping worse.
Why even make it a free app if you cannot do anything without paying a subscription for the app?
Does't record slepp or snoring unless you manually set it
Not at all advertised as on the facebook add. False advertising. You have to pay to access it as well. I did the 3 day free trial. Wasn't impressed and it not being like the ad shown was a let down. Cancelled subscription and uninstalled after 1 night of use.
The adds are ridiculous unless you get through the paywall. All I wanted was to record any snoring or sounds I made in my sleep and it didn't work properly. I also would have had to watch 30 second adds to check all of them for any actual sounds. (There was 12 recordings.) If you're willing to go through the paywall go ahead but the adds are kinda relentless.
Cant even use the app they instantly want your credit card info. This app is garbage and derserves 0 starts in my opinion.
Very bad as you can listen to only 1 recorded voice . Its just looting people...as u have to pay for other records . Please can this option so that we can listen to more records
You took my money right after I cancelled the payment I haven't gotten my refund back and I'm still waiting I'll never use this app again
Annoyed! Money grabbing devs! Way over priced, app should be 100% free as it is awful. Devs should be ashamed of yourselfs
Way over prices for what it does!.
You have to buy the service
Don't get this app I put my card number and it said it was invalid so I couldn't pay
If you're gonna make a subscription just say it on the app store, don't make us download it just so u can say that u need to pay for it, your just getting free downloads full of people who don't use it 🤡🤡🤡
This app was just a have didn't work for me but it did wake me up and is not free thay took $60 out of my bank account thieving buggers thay havent herd the last of me
You have to pay to get it to do the only thing you wanted it to do, track your sleep.
They don't even give you a one night trial to see if the app works. They track your sleep but won't give you the data until you pay $4.99. I think tf not.
Money money money. Just felt like a big money grab for what was advertised
Didn't like it
Bogus app. Not worth the money. It cant truly measure your circadian rhythm with out access to brain waves and heart and breath rates
Man, i find masturbation more calming than this and thats not even a joke
I'am very unhappy with this application, the sounds stop after a few minutes and it wastes lots of battery. I don't want to use it anymore, how can I ask for a refund?
GARBAGE
terrible i paid over 36 pounds for a 6.moth subscription and they didnt even let me use the premium features , when i tried to cintact then they simoly told me to do something that isn't possible with the apo and a good search on how to get a refund
Doesn't do what it claims unless you pay for it. Can't use your own alarm or the app will not work. Will not track your sleep unless you complete the "ritual".
I didn't even get to use it the phone shuts off by itself the device doesn't stay on...
Basic features locked behind paywall, aggressive advertising
got this app to record my sleep to find out if I snore or anything. then i found out you have to pay to listen to it.
It's sooo freakin bad and expensive for no reason
I can't put the dam app on my phone (BTW its a fitness app so I was not getting rid of it) -0000000000000000000000000000stars
don't download they just want ya mony
For as much as I paid for this app, I would hope the calming nature sounds would be a lot better quality. 😕.
I have to pay almost $40 just to hear myself at night? Waste of time.
Unable to unsubscribe SCAM, they set it up that way so you can't cancel and they take your money! Don't do it!
You have to pay to use the bloody thing. Not inpressed.. i never knew sleeping would cost so much
Say you cost money. Don't lie.
It stopped recording the voice&snore after I updated to premium. I've contacted the app, but didn't have a response or solution to the problem.
i had already cancelled subscription.. then why my card was charged..?
So, you convince me to download and then ask me for money..? At least give me a teaser/freebie so I can make an informed decision. I now would never use you no matter how good your app, due to your initial deception.. Just be HONEST.. It's not hard.. I absolutely hate being duped, or having my intelligence insulted, do please learn from this.. I only gave 1 star so I could leave this review..
What that person said.
... they money hungry....
Not very functional or helpful at all.
rip off
Didn't realize it wasn't actually free
I thought this app was free but you got to pay for it 😒
Free, yeah.
I canceled a day late with i be reimbursed for the time I don't use it.
I have the paid version of this app. The "story & meditation" can sometimes give me anxiety as it will constantly ask to remember times in your life and as someone with memory impairment from ADHD, it's not a great relaxation tool. The snore recording function has rarely caught any snoring, just a lot of dead air recordings. I tried to go in to the play store to cancel my subscription so it doesn't renew, but it doesn't show up in my list of subscriptions.
Didn't work for me. Cancelled in app still charged. Had to recancel. Now I want a refund! I canceled  in app before the trial was up because this app didn't work for me. You charged me anyway. If this is not resolved I  will turn you into the bbb and Google play gor using their site to scam people.
Of course you have to buy excess to listening to your sleeping sounds
Signed up for trial. Does not allow you to cancel subscription. SCAM do not do the trial.
Very limited app. Definitely not worth the price.
So annoyed with this app ad. So I'll download it again, then silence it. So I'll stop get interrupted during my other tasks.
Useless unless you pay the extortionate fees
immidiately asks for payment
Disappointed my back lense heated up beyond touch with the heart rate i actually burnt my fingertip!
Heart rate doesn't work... it insists on using my camera instead of my actual heartrate monitor. isn't keeping track. Paid $30 and I hate it
Not free at all. Have to pay via app for snoring or talking data. Uninstalled straight away.
Useless like a hole in a condom
I only wanted to use the snore and voice recording and it only recorded for 30 seconds, I don't recommend this app it's expensive for one and two does not work anyways. I am very disappointed 😔
To many ads and no actual free trial they want u to commit to a 6 month plan to get 3 days free lol. After reading the reviews I'm glad I didn't try it ...stay away!
This app is poorly done you have to have money for prettt much every app these days, its pretty pathic how people can just pust prize tags on things that should be free. Actually create something that is gonna help with out cash. Ya know everyone dont get cash.
It's basically not free. It's just a scam to get money. May as well just buy a Fitbit because it's the same cost as a subscription for a year and Fitbit does the tracking free. You can't use majority of the app without paying.
I suppose like it's way expensive. And if you use a limited free version there's so many ads
Imagine having to pay to listen to your voice. It's really expensive and also it doesn't record major stuff. It records unnecessary stuff.
Used once, need to pay to really get any benefit. Uninstalled today because it randomly started playing "relaxing" music while I was already asleep, it woke me up. Tried to close the app, but it wasn't running and wasn't running in the background either. No way to turn it off. Uninstall worked just fine.
Not as advertised. False advertising.
You have to pay to review the sleep records. Not worth it
Awful customer support. If I could give no stars I would. I signed up for the 3 day free trial. was charged $42.79 for 6 months the first day of the trial. Emailed customer support 3Xs with no response. I'm honestly not sure I would have bought the 6 months as the App isn't quite what I was looking for but this is just assenine. There is never a good excuse forbad customer support and the lack of response is disrespectful and infuriating.
USELESS
Please refund me the charge. Outragous. Wrote to your support and no answer.
This is an amazing app. It's not like any other app I've tried to help my insomnia. However, it's very expensive. Across the entire planet, there are circumstances plauguing our economic hardships to a whole new level of a** kicking stressers . I would think one would not gouge out another's pockets. Like I said, it really is an amazing app so I will try one month paid subscription and hopefully see what you see.
It's a complete lie
Would've been great. Was testing it out with my sleep studying Neuroscience friend, but I was billed the day after I canceled the first time. So I cancelled again the day I was billed and there was no credit. Also, there's no option to speak to a real live person or send an actual question/concern!
Tried it for 5 mins. Used the pulse monitor and burned the living hell out of my finger. The Samsung pulse monitor on my phone has never burned me, and I didn't even know this was possible.
The only reason i downloaded it and turns out i have to pay for that feature...stupid.
Waste of time downloading because none of it is free. Don't put your payment details in because it seems more like a scam. Constantly asking you to pay. From the sounds of it, I'm one of the lucky ones since a lot of people have had the yearly fee taken without their consent. Had to give it 1 🌟 to review but would give it no stars if I could
The only actually good offering of this app is payed so it's useless to me coz I don't know if this even works
waste of money
You reduced $60 from my bank account when I subscribed just for 3 days free trial as you put it as option!!!!that is stealing money!!!you completely mentioned that try 3 days free trial then you pay for 6 months if you like and i subscribed for 3days free trial and you reduced$60 from my account!!! I'm gonna sue you and report you to my bank and google play!!!
They spring the payment page on you unexpectedly, and don't make it clear that you don't have to pay to use the app. Even though it's free, the 5 "free" features it offers aren't very good. The talk down isn't descriptive at all, you're better or meditating yourself. They only offer 1 sound for background noise to sleep to and it's a camp fire. Other than that there's an alarm which my phone has free, and it records the noises at night but you need to pay or watch ads to listen.
Poor so far, paid for lifetime on old phone no longer have it on this phone and they will not respond to any of my emails sent to their support email.
Rubbish app..money sucker..
Why dont you just sell the app instead of making us download it only to find out we have to pay 39$ which is a lot
Not what I expected
I was told on the ad that you could do the voice/snore track thing for free clearly not smh.
The alarm goes off at the same time as mine its anoying
Very minimal app. Trying to unsubscribe but unfortunatley i keep being redirected.
Money grab scam.
😴
Horrible didnt sleep and got to pay for all the bs
Tried to email right after purchase for a refund. Recordings are horrible can't hear anything but my fan. With multiple emails sent to the developer I still have yet to receive a refund or even a response. Not happy at all with this app
Sux
It won't let me cancle the free trial.
Worst app every its free to download but if you want it to do more then an alarm clock does you have to pay 40 bucks or 5 bucks a week no thanks how stupid
This app billed me R599.99 yesterday I want my money 😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠 I don't even know what they are billing me for
This app pissed me off I downloaded it an it took 40 out of my account didnt even record anything besides even more nothing fix the app or remove the garbage app from the app store but pleased
Expensive!! Not worth the install!!😠
Lies. App does not work. Charge you 30$ and the features never work
Have not set an alerm and keepa going off at 7am !!!
Bad app
The trial version let me listen to a single recorded chunk of the night then immediately went to having to purchase the whole thing. What a stupid test run. Couldnt figure out the app at all in that one go. UNINSTALLED👌
Lies
I tried to cancel my trial subscription and money was still taken from my account.
I'm certainly not paying for this! Just rude. My other half tells me if I snore or fart, don't need yo pay for the privilege.
One star because I was SCAMMED!! My 3 day trial ended today, and I cancelled last night, I SWEAR! But I was still charged $40. I DO NOT want the subscription, I'm literally paying $40 to hear the recordings of my AC that this thing picks up. NOTHING ELSE. I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!
parali
THIS IS A SCAM. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY You sign up for the tria, which you are not impressed by the app. It only records for a limited time of your sleep, few minutes, waste of your time. Then they charge you day before your trial not giving you the opportunity to unsubscribe, they charge you for a 6 months package that is worth a lot, that you DID NOT CHOOSE. They don't have a phone number you can call and they never reply to their support emails. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY THIS IS A SCAM.
This app is more about you paying monthly then about sleep
I have uninstall the app cos I have to buy it so I dont wanna see any purchase order in my account please
Liars ... at least EMPHASIZE THAT YOU CHARGE FOR ALL ADVERTISED FEATURES ...
Nothing on this app is free. It recorded my night, I had to watch an ad to listen to the first sounds. Then when those were just the sounds of me telling my wife I was recording my sleep pattern, and I went to listen to the second it wanted me to pay. Why even have a free version if I cant at least test it fully out for a night? It isn't that it costs money that bugs me its that they give you a "free" version first that isn't really free.
My alarm only has went off the first night and I bought the membership thing. How do I make sure that it goes off every night that I have it scheduled? So far its not a good app.
You have to watch an ad to do anything on this app. I've had it one night and I'm deleting it.
This is junk dont get it. Waste of your time!! 0 stars!!
Cancelled before free trial was up and was still charged the annual fee. No one is returning my emails about a refund and my account was over drawn because of it. Would give 0 stars if I could!
I downloaded this app for less than 24 hours, but everything you'd want to use this app for, you must pay for it. I used the 3 day free trial and still didnt like it so I uninstalled it. 3 days later when not having the app, they withdrew money. I have emailed them and they have not emailed me back. It's been OVER a week. They haven't messaged me back AND this is the second time I've written this review. Im sure they deleted my first one. DO NOT USE THIS APP.
I try to check the app and click on a free tryal, so I can see what is about the app subscribe me straight away taking 19£. I send email to developers but seems nobody cares and they didn't even respond back
App is useless, all 5 star reviews are definitely paid for.
Its not free. In ads they show its free but after installation they demand money.
I canceled before my 3 day trial period was up and still got charged over 40 dollars
Waste of $$$$
Paywall for actual sleep tracking
Worst $20 I ever spent. I'm really sorry to say that. This app drains my battery. When I run it at night, I wake up to a dead phone. I've uninstalled it. Great idea though
Annoying notifications even when deactivated
Annoying, annoying, annoying
I've literally had this app for 5 minutes and I already hate it. It wants me to test my heart rate by putting my finger on the camera lens but will not acknowledge my finger at all. Not to mention the light is absolutely annoying and dumb. I'm already going to delete it...i don't know why you would make testing heart rate so complicated 🙄
I tried to reach out for a refund. I thought I was signing up for a free trial. Never heard back.
It was ok until I started getting political ads..I see enough of that everywhere else. I dont need it when im trying to relax and go to sleep
hate this application
No free trial? Hard pass
Why does it tell you it will record your voice and snoring, it says it in the ad... and then when you actually get to open up the app you find out that this function costs money. I mean, anyone can meditate but analyse their sleep and sounds they make... so it's useless on free trial!
What a scam. And a crappy confusing app. It's the "limited version" you download. Gotta pay if you want the benefits if what's free from YouTube and a voice recording....
Your subscription fee is too high unfortunately
You cant use this app at all unless you fork over 4.99 for a day or $40 for 6 months or $100.
Super expensive! I refuse to pay for something I can get elsewhere for free. Great concept, but greedy app developers 🙄
I don't recommend this app. The meditations are lame and just kept making me laugh. I realized pretty soon after purchasing that I won't be using it, contacted the developer and I'm yet to hear back about a refund (which I requested within 48hrs from purchase)
It supposed to be free, thats what it advertised on Facebook. You only get 3 days trial then they want to charge you $40. Im good.
I completely hated this app.
Free version works so bad that you wont even think to pay for premium version.
Heart rate measurement as stated by others is WEIRD AND STUPID. Doesnt even measure my heart rate no matter how i try. ALSO, everything is only for the paid version, all u can do with the free version is helping u to sleep. Whats the point when i cant even see my data unless i paid? Their ad is misleading too considering i dled it after finding their ad interesting
Not paying for something that isn't a guarantee to even do what its suppose to.
Absolute rubbish the main reason for me getting this app is to track when I'm asleep to see If I snore and if i talk I'm amazed to find immediately that If I want these features I have to pay $35 I mean what $5 may be but 35 these guys are crooks dont give them your money find another app or use voice recorder.
Nothing more than a cash grab
Not great I cant wake up easier or it doesn't make me sleep better
👏pay👏walls👏suck 👏
I did not subscribe to this app please refund my money so I will have enough to pay my rent
After waking up to many many scars, cuts and brusies and questioning my wife who denied doing it I got this app to record my nights and after having for a few days I realised I would need to obtain video proof along with the audio so I bought a camera. after a couple of days of this I watched the footage back and realised it wasn't my wife but a my pet Ginny pig using his bowl and dropping it on me and mauling me. This app is bad.
Con to many adds ask for to much money
👎😴
If I could give zero I would. This app offered me a 14 day free trial. When I signed up it then said a month. Less than a week later I just got charged almost $60. I used the app once.
They want money right away, do not download!!! Only gave one star to post this.
Have to pay to even get minimum use.
Too pricey. Don't waste your time
I'm giving this one star as I downloaded this for my husband and it was telling him to breathe in and breathe out... well the battery must of died during the night as when I woke up he stopped breathing and died peacefully in his sleep !!! Would the people who created this application please give me compensation towards his funeral costs Yours faithfully Karen X
Theifs ..I cancelled before the date and they still charged me.
This did not work for me it was too disruptive.
This app charges whatever card they feel like. They're supposed to be charging my card, but instead they're trying to charge my boyfriend's card. This was downloaded under my Google account not his.
Waste of time
Not free
Ad came up. Said it was a free 7 days. Charged me $20 for it. Dont fall for it.
Good luck trying to csncel this app. Took me all day to figure it out. I feel the company purposely makes it difficult to cancel before free trial period is over and then its too late to cancel and you automatically get chsrged. Luckily I figured it out.
Save your money! Total garbage app & no real customer service. Made the mistake of upgrading to the yearly subscription, but less than 2 weeks later, it started crashing systematically. At first, there wasn't even a Help, Support, or Customer service button to reach out with problems. FInally there was a "chat" but I only got answers 2 days later and they were not useful at all. Still no answer, & problem not been resolved in 2 months, even though I requested a refund or at least to fix bugs.
You have to pay for what is advertised
Never responded to emails and I want my money back
Have to pay
I'm not paying 20 bucks to listen to myself farting
Its £34.94 u can instal for free
Heart rate detector literally burned my finger with my flashlight
Who on earth says open your eyes and sleep on the ball of light meditation?
Trash
Records me at night, but then wants me to pay a HUGE price just to listen to MY OWN SELF? Seems a little creepy if you ask me. And I couldnt even listen to the "free" recording because of the incessant apps flooding my screen. Your app is terrible.
Didn't work
Would like to try, but locked down so tight.... Everything you click generates and advert, or it says subscribers only! Why on earth would I subscribe to something that I cant even test!!!!!! Money hungry developed program yet again!
I wish I could rate this 0 stars. Downloaded 2 days ago, went with the 7 day free trial, and yet I was just charged $50 out of nowhere. App didnt even work when I downloaded it. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY!
This app is no (ZERO) stars from me if I could.. I have emailed customer support back in AUGUST and STILL NO RESPONSE AS OF TODAY!!! Very unhappy and would not recommend.
its subscription based, not what is advertised
Hate it. To use it you have to pay and if you need to pay its NOT a free app. The title needs to say free but pay to use. Don't bother downloading it's cheaper to go on youtube and just put of calming sounds to sleep and it needs to say in description that it's a payed app not 100% free just 2% free
Tried it for a night, wasnt helpful. Cancelled the subscription the following morning and was still charged for the 6 month prescription 2 days later. No response for refund yet.
Useless
Not even gonna try to use this. Im not gonna pay for this
Doesn't try it or function unless you buy it. Continual pop ups to subscribe so be careful you don't accidentally buy it.
Please refund. I cannot make it work. I have bought premium.
You have one choice of sound, story and sleep recording for free. The developers said, even in some review comments, that you can listen to all the sounds for free if you watch ads but that's not true. When you go to listen to another recording, it shows an ad of there own app on repeat while offering for you do buy it. Might be good after you buy it but the free version is not worth the download.
I shouldnt have to pay to track my sleep
It's a horrible app . It charged me when it said it had a free trial . I was charged for the app and I didnt even try and purchase it I am filing a complaint . and a report
Ant free dont wasit your time downloading it you have to buy this againg that ant FREE
To many things i have to pay for. The price doesnt make any since. Its not worth my time trying to work my way around your microtransactions. Id rather find another app that does the same thing.
FITBIT does a far better job.
You guys are still trying to charge me when I've emailed and tried cancelling the subscription!! Not my type of app. Someone please contact me about this asap! Thank you A number I can call anything !
Nothing about this app is free. Itll track your sleep but wont show any results or data until you pay an unreasonable price for them.
money cost bad
Doesn't work. I want a refund.
Stole £36 straight up. Refused to refund despite being in the trial period. Horrible customer service. Just avoid. Customer support also lied to me and insinuated racist remarks. Very odd... For anyone wondering, the app itself is very faulty and hardly worked when I used it. Waste of time and now money. Would give zero stars if possible.
Garbage. It costs to much for something that doesnt work. I paid for 6 months and ive been using it for days and it doesnt stay on or record even though i paid for it. I dont get any info on my sleep like it says i will and even tho i put it on it turns off while im sleeping and doesnt record my voice and snoring. Wish i could give it 0 stars
Trash
Don't waste your time! Records nothing and just woke me up in the middle of the night
Not recommend....
Annoying in the morning. Phone is on, bright asking how the sleep was.
The voice or snore tracker should be free 😒
You cannot use features unless you pay, uninstalled it but now it keeps playing music at night time that cant be removed. Don't use it.
Not very much information at all. Waist of money.
Paid app
I have emailed the contact and havent recieved a response faulty charge on my account
I took a free 3 day trial and the money was taken immediately from my bank account for a 6 month subscription. This is fraudulent and I've had to contact Google and my bank. Please be aware.
I hate it it says "you get to here what you say and when you snore " BUT NO, NO NO NO NO NNNN..NNN..NO YOU HAVR TO PAY
There is no way for me to cancel subscription. No subscription showing under menu in Google play app. I was charged in error and NO ONE to help me.
Extremly un happy!!!! This company said there was a 3 day trial before they charge u for 6 months absolute lie!! The charged me in less than 12 hrs after downloading! And its absolutly not worth the money. I asked for a refund and have heard nothing back from the company them selves
Acts like its free, but nothing in the app is free to use. Waste of time.
Gay you gotta buy everything to even try it out
Honestly was getting this to see what all my husband says about me while I sleep and all he talks to because.... I have my reasons
No free features, all paid.
Frustrating app, you are not only bombarded with ads but once you watch ad you only can get some info, you forced to pay to get the rest. I understand ads bring the developers money, I dont mind the ads if I can get to use your app in its entirety but dont make me watch after almost every click on your ap. Let me watch 30sec and then open all my info gathered for the night. Uninstalling as aps out there do the same, dont have to pay and ads are managed in a way that the ap user not advert abused
I don't want to pay to listen to me talking... so 0 stars
I signed up to try the 3 day trial it see if it was what I was looking for and it didn't give me the trial. It charged me the $39.99.
Won't let you listen to any of the recordings unless you pay for either weekly or monthly payments. Should be able to use this app for free considering it's just recordings
You have to pay for monthly use, I just wanted to try one night and it wants me to pay $30???? Wow
Went through setup and then it wants money. No thank u. I can get about the same thing with my fitbit.
TOO MANY AD's. Everytime you click to do anything there an ad. You're prompted 4 times to subscribe before you can complete the instructions. I deleted it before I got out of bed the first morning.
Said free but have to pay to use anything not free just make it a payed app
advertised content needs subscription. I'm not paying to have my data harvested and sold.
Doesn’t work. Spam ads each seconds. Don’t install. Don't put your CC number. Very fishy and scammy app.
Please refund
There is literally no point in downloading it if you have to pay a bunch of money to do anything at all.
Thank you for your response Why should I pay for the app when there are free ones that does the same thing I'm poor so I can't pay for all these apps so I don't think I'll be keeping it
The meditation is bad as u have to look at the screen as u do it so u know when to inhale and exhale, it leaves a gap between the two which is too long and u end up not even following it I done the free one and it recorded but wanted me to pay to listen. This made me feel insecure and wondered y they needed the recording and I needed to pay to get it back. The heart rate thing was also bad the flash got hot very fast and if u moved ur finger it changed it said my heart rate was dead! Just a line
Disgusted and conned into paying £36 ! Please give me my money back . Used for 5 min and no longer on my phone .
Alarm went off even tho I set it to off. I sleep with noise cause it helps me go to bed and this app picks up on that background noise. You have to pay for like everything. It's almost unusable unless you buy it so free is misleading.
Records you in the demo and wont let you listen without subscribing. Very expensive.
This app is NOT free. You can't do a single thing without paying. Granted there's a free trial, but it's 3 days! If you can't use anything on the app without paying then don't label it as free!
not worthy
Don't even bother! I was excited about this app, and tried it the first day! Needless to say NOTHING WORKS! LIKE NOTHING YALL! IT IS GLITCHY, AND NONFUNCTIONAL! 😤 AND THERE IS NO WAY TO CONTACT CUST. SERVICE IT ONLY ALLOWS U TO LEAVE FB!? SO I HAVE NO IDEA HOW RO CANCEL THE TRIAL NO CONTACT AND IRONICALLY IT ISNT ALLOWING ME TO WRITE MY REVIEW IN THE CORRECT AREA, I AM DOING THIS ON THE TITLE, I CANNOT CLICK ON THE DESCRIPTION PART. SEEMS SUPER SKETCHY STAY AWAY U BEEN WARNED!🤨😒😩😡🤬
I dont wanna pay for it
Pay to win
Instantly uninstall it, why does a sleep recording app need to have subscriptions?
0 stars said it would track my farts does not your facebook ad is false advertiseing and lieing over all verry disapointed o and this app is a cash grab to nothing is free
This app looks and IS NOTHING LIKE IN THE AD. I WILL CANCEL MY SUBSCRIBTION BEFORE IM FORCED TO PAY FOR TRASH
Downloaded an alarm clock for 6:00am on its own. Disabled notifications and it still would go off in the morning.
It is not free as advertised, tried it anyway, waste of space on phone
This app is a joke it charges for everything not worth it at all ill stick to listening to Nature sounds on pandora
osm
Still woke! Smh
You pretty much have to pay for everything.
Can not play recorded sleep activities, highlights still in demo and i paid $45.99 for life lime
This app sucks
Worest thing ever.. First night of using. 1_had a horrifying nightmare (trying to wake up and i couldn't in the nightmare) 2_woke up just hour later scared as ****. I will delete it now
Have tried using the app as intended, have hit start the last couple of days and it'll go like it's suppose to. But it hasn't recorded anything the last 2 nights even though the alarm goes off in the morning like it should. Also paid for the full version but I have no access to any of the premium without having to pay again. Uninstalling.
They make it seem like you get everything readliy available but you have to pay for the sleep montioring part which just makes the app useless.
Made me think i was just paying a one time fee. A few months later i logged onto paypal and noticed a requring fee from google play. I check deeper and found out it was this damn app.
Makes you pay for results
I'm trying to unsubscribe and it won't allow me too! There is no unsubscribe option on my Google play subscriptions... This app was not what I thought and I didn't even mean to buy it. Please help.
Astronomical charges for something (sleep) that is God given and should come naturally
why would I want to pay to hear my self sleep. Just my opinion and I'm not using the Exercises or anything i just wanted to see if i would talk in my sleep.
So many ads and listed as free but really you need a subscription.
I want to cancel my account pls .asap!
I bought this and never use it naymore and all it is goid for honestly is an alarm the snore and tracking doesnt even work like it says
Forces you to pay for everything it advertises. I've already uninstalled it. Don't waste your time.
I bought the premium solution 36 hours ago. Unfortunately, I regret that, as the app has too little snoring analysis. I want to cancel my subscription and have my money back
Worst app
Pretty cool app, but way, WAY too expensive
Terrible, sorry. It just doesn't work right, and to listen to your tapes you have to listen to ads for each one. Plus the alarm on the app - can't be turned off properly without making you lose your mind. Thanks, but no thanks.
So I downloaded the app because it was advertised that it would record you sleeping to track noises, but I have to pay for it. Ookkayyy
Paid to use. Stupid.
It said take heart beat using camera and finger it hurt my finger doing that
How much
This is a waste of tume you have to pay to listen to your voice or what ever while your sleep. You have to pay for everything
They took 40 dollars out of my account so i emailed them for a refund and didnt even get a message back. Dont get this app!!!
Way overly expensive $40 for a week! And no way of telling if it will work!
Annoying too many messages
Not paying for a fancy alarm. Don't buy it unless your kinda dumn
For anyone wanting to try the free trail, don't. It really isn't a free trial as they will charge your account right after. This app costed me $52.99 for something I didn't like and won't use.
Man kann nichts machen ohne sich die Vollversion zu kaufen ich mein 2 records anhören wow was bringt mir das ich hatte mir echt mehr erhofft
This app is the worst it charged me after and I wanted a refund but said they couldn't and now I'm furious dont waste your money on this stupid app
This damn app is a safety hazard... On the part where it tracks your heart beats per minute... Trying to understand why it burns my finger? You have put your finger on the camera lens to track it and for some reason the app hyper activates the light to heat up in seconds. Using the S10 btw.
Sucks balls wants money for everything
I didn't even get to use the app and I was charged 39.99. I wouldn't recommend this app.
Thiefs!! Took my money while I was sleeping, I didn't subscribe to premium but took it anyways, calling credit card to disbute, Google play does not have it subscribe as per their FAQ. DO NOT INSTALL OR USE THIS APP THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY REGARDLESS
All it does is play music... features like capturing snoring etc comes with price...better are are available with less price...many ads also...i dont recommend this one
This is not worth the money. The meditation is pretentious and shallow. The breathing portion is anxiety inducing, not calming.
I cannot unsubscribe from this app please help me so i can get this app off my card
Wayy to many ads, it wants you to pay in-between 5-40 dollars do just about anything. I downloaded this app to see if I talked in my sleep and I can't even do that because you have to pay to listen to your self. It lets you listen to about 10 seconds of audio in turn for a thirty second ad. But you can only do that once or twice before a pay screen pops up.
Its ok not to good
Not free!
Waste of time unless you are going to subscribe.
It has mad my phone gone black and white DO NOT INSTALL THIS APP because now I don't now how to make my phone normal colours !!!!!!!!
I will not pay for this garbage 🤬
Horrible the ads make it out to look free. Anything that interested you about this app, cost $. I'm not paying to track my sleep. I could easily use my insurance for a sleep study. This is pointless and not worth th e money they charge
Awful alarm goes off when I wants I have to turn my phone off to turn alarm off not happy
I've sent 10 emails now and no response back from receiving my refund. Was not the best of app for me.
I only did the trial and started charging me after. Please canceled didn't work on my s9
If you're gonna do a limited trial, don't make us put card info in. I wanna try it for three days without your shady asses taking my money. Just set it to not work after three days!
Everyone should report this app. Its complete rubbish. Why advertise something as "free" and part of it title. If you have to pay £35 for it in the end. Report it. Swear, curse. Google are clearly lazy and don't test the apps they publish. The company that made this should be ashamed of themselves. Money grabbing bastards. There are plenty of free apps on google play that do all this app says for the actual process of FREE. If I could give 0 stars, i would. Plus why is that not an option?
You have to pay to access any of the features. It records your sleep data but you cant actually look at any of it unless you pay.
I can not fall asleep when someone is giving me instruction on how to fall asleep. The talking goes on for forever.
Tricked in taking money from me, and doesn't work :( very bad app
Useless app
You guys know what you did with the ad. Don't say you don't. 😐
Not paying for an app to tell me if snore or talk in my sleep 2 words rip off
Scam scam scam scam scam scam scam scam scam
unless you wanna pay almost 100usd don't even try it. worse trial ever!
I bought the app because I talk a lot in my sleep and have cats so I thought the trends and recording feature would be great to see how my sleep is effected. NEITHER WORK. The sleep trend just shows that I fell asleep and woke up. The recording has only ever picked up my air conditioner turning on even when I woke up and was talking right next to it. I have the phone on my nightstand one foot away from me and it doesn't pick up anything. Also the meditations suck, YouTube has better for free.
They do not make it easy to cancel your subscription.
After reading the reviews I don't want to even bother.. $35.00 for premium!
I dont think ive ever been so disappointed in an app throughout my whole time owning a phone that ive ever left a review. I dont understand why you have to purchase anything before a trial even. You guys are on glue if you think im just gonna hand over my money when I dont know what Im paying for. So either specify that or if there's a way to bypass that part make it visible to the naked eye. This app looks really helpful and id like to give it a shot. I dont even mind paying if its gonnahelp
40 dollars a month no thanks
The free version is just a fancy alarm clock. You have to pay a membership fee just to get what the name says it will do.
Yo scammers the longer this app is on the play store the less rating its gonna be 3.1 🤣 when there are others for absolutely free enjoy being snakes and going to hell
Pretty Useless! Most smart phones have the same functionality built into the health app. The subscription costs are astronomically high for what you gain from this app if you don't subscribe ads make the app unusable. I'm not entirely sure how it helps you sleep better. It's an alarm clock and records the sound of you rolling over during the night?
I would like it more if I didnt have to pay for every single little thing. Sorry guys. I love the idea of the app but I'm not rich and cant afford to spend money like this.
This app does not refund, if you are not satified with the product, why keep it another six months. Thats like wearing a pair of too little shoes or shirt. You have 30 days to return, the app said 120 to do a claim. So you dont have to worry about my business.
you have to pay for everything
This app has just taken 42 euro without my permission I need a refund now
Why would i pay when i can from my phone record myself talking and turning in my sleep. Absurd app. Would give 0 if it was possible to do so without making a comment.
Too many ads. Tried this for one night and it recorded hours worth of audio but you can only listen to 1 half our segment unless you buy the app. All it recorded was static on the track I got to listen to and I can't listen to the rest. If your going to let us try before we buy you better let us try everything or we are not gonna know how this app works. Everything you click brings up a buy now page.
Not a cheap option. For a simple app way to over priced! I get people want money for the work they put in making an app, but don't become greedy!
Real bad
they record you sleeping but not showing any data on the app.
Great but I'm not paying 35 bucks to listen to myself snore..
It asks me to buy things
Really dislike it and would like a refund. No snooze function on alarm. "relaxation" function doesn't segue well and is jarring. Don't purchase this.
This app costs 35 dollars to be able to hear your self snore... What's even better is that's considered a good deal. Usually it's 100... to hear my self snore... I could buy so much more with that money that I actually use while I'm actually awake
Didn't offer enough tracking. Not really what I was looking for.
I tried cancelling the subscription but it wouldn't let me and it charged me just now and I don't know how to contact them for a refund
Bad customer service, been trying to reach for 3 days and never get an answer.
When installing you are met with the option to buy lifetime membership access. Buy it and within weeks you are billed as well for a 6 month membership despite having lifetime. Google refunded my lifetime payment when I reported it since they charged me again. Now, the 6 month access ends in october per my google subscriptions. I have had no access to the app for a month and it is only August. App also does not let you update sub status via google pay or even checks on that. Money stealers.
HUGE SAFETY HAZARD!! I have a galaxy S10+ and I got this app... it has you check your heart rate by covering the lens with your finger!!! It heated up so fast, it burned my finger. What the heck?! How does this happen?
It just wants my money and offers nothing for free
Tried to sign up for the free trial, accidentally signed up for the lifetime membership. Contacted the developer directly within 48 hours to request a refund and they delayed their response. As such, I was no longer eligible for a Google refund (outside the 48 hours window), and then the company refused a refund for their useless app... even though they offer a 3 day trial. But instead of clearly stating that they refused it, they sent several emails giving me the runaround. Not impressed.
This app keeps charging me 2 months after I got it. Dont get it. At the time they were offering a 4 day deal.
I love this app, but I never got the premium account that I paid for!!! Please fix this.
Shouldn't have too pay for an app like this. Especially not at those prices.
Waste of time fake
Have to purchase before listening. Fraud.
Maybe it would be a good idea for the app not to turn your flashlight on when you have to use your finger to track your pulse. I couldn't keep my finger in place long enough for it to track my heartbeat as it was too painful and resulted in a burnt finger!
Scam they took $40 off my card that i never gave them and no one is responding to my messages
This app is a joke you have to pay to use it. What a joke
The voice for the meditation asked too many questions and didn't really allow me to be lulled. Her voice is soothing, but the script needs a lot of work. There are so many adds too. It wants me to buy everything. I'm good. The crackling fire sound was great.
I would give them 0 stars if I could. I spent $20 on their lifetime subscription. Bad move. I had to switch phones a week after and there's no way to switch it over to my new phone so I wasted $20. Also, it doesn't track your sleep at all. It said that I fell asleep immediately after the meditation section (I definitely didn't) and woke up when my alarm went off. I got no data on my sleep cycles, and the only actually good thing about this horrible app is the meditation choices.
I bought this app to help my 13 month old son who has been having troubles falling and staying asleep. Well I accidentally left my phone with my son a few nights ago and he played around with the app and subscribed to premium. I just found out this morning when I seen a 52 dollar charge. The app itself is not even helpful and not something I would pay for.
Have to pay for the sleep tracking
Have to pay for why I got it. Doesn't do anything more than apps that do it for free
This would be a great app if you didnt have to pay for membership. $ 4.99 a week!! C'mon it's a sleep app! It's cool they record when you make noise as your sleeping but guess what?! You have to be a member to use that option. Without being a member it's very limited and they're are much better sleep apps out there. All the cool things it advertises , you have to be a member to use it. Uninstalled. Too bad, wouldve been one of my fav apps...if I didnt have to pay an arm and a leg to get use it.
Measured heat rate through camera when my phone already have a heart rate sensors.. what a joke.. then i put a red color book cover behind the camera and got 68 BPM.. I think my book is alive..lol.. It only detect red serface and gives a random BPM.. this app is fake af..
I just wanted to know if I TALK OR SOMETHING BUT NO why does it cost pls tell me that like I'm not gonna pay this app just to know if I talk or snorted I think this is a terrible app dont install it if you dont want to waist you money
Rip off. Signed up to the free trial it doesn't appear in my Google play subscriptions can't cancel in app and noone is answering my emails either. App doesn't do all it claims. You can get all this stuff for free and it's impossible to cancel. Don't do it.
Very expensive
Sounds like a wonderful app then BOOM! Pay now! "great deals" apparently. Catfish app! Terrible.
Do not get this app. I cancelled and they charged me and now I'm stuck with something I don't want and haven't used past the trial period until April of next year. Thanks a lot.☹️
Worst
Seriously? £99,99? Gtfo
U have to pay 5 bux a week
I cant un subscriber >:(
Expansive
Don't want to subscribe , wanted to use app but due to subscription no change
Did not authorize a six month subscription. Now im out 40. With no idead how to get my money back
Used it once didn't help so I deleted it and they are trying to charge my account $42 for something I used once on a free trial. Stop trying to charge my account for something I'm not even using
Free app but to use anything you have to pay monthly. What a joke.
Burnt my finger checking the pluses from the flashlight
I have been trying to cancel but it wont show the subscription in my google play for me ti cancel
I've tried this app 2 times now and both times I hated it the same. Overly complicated, heart beat checker with your camera lense? Sure. Doesn't work as expected. Then the cost is absurdly high as well.
I'd rather to none paying session.
Maior enganacao... qq coisunha no app eh pago... e custa 30 reais por semana.... to fora!!!
Waste of time, needs to pay to use features
Expensive, you have to buy it to us the sleep tracker. Beware. Uninstalled.
I tried to cancel my subscription a month ago and it would not let me and now it is charged me 42 79 and put my bank account in the negative
Trash
Actually you should be careful with apps like this... Not only do they make you pay, they also sell off your data to the highest bidder. Get a professional to do this, not an app whose code you're not familiar with
Says tracks your snoring and noise then all of a sudden you have to pay how stupid dont download a waste of space
You need to pay for it
I turned the alarm feature off and it continued to go off. Every. Single. Morning. It made me want to throw my phone out the window.
Hardly any features available unless you subscribe
The entire app is behind a pay wall n spams you with ads for everything else.
One of these days, I will find a way to sue someone for claiming free, when it isnt.
I tried canceling my subscription, only for then to charge me for 6 months.... I requested a refund.... Still no response or resolve.... I need help
Why payment? It should be free
Dont get this app!! They charged me $ 42 dollars for nothing and didnt even tell me about any charges and wont respond to my emails! Contacted google and they are looking into it but still wont issue a refund!!
Only 99.99!!! Yeah! Coded with the b*utt in an hour! Certainly worth 99.99$!!!!
App is absolut garbage, they pay for their five star reviews, DO NOT JOIN. THEY WILL CHARGE YOU 40$ and NOT let you out of the trial period to end your subscription. It's a scam.
it looks free, but only works after payment, fake advertisement
paid and didn't work as expected
Downloaded this app thinking it will help me sleep better and to hear what I sound like when I am asleep only to find out I have to pay for it. I might try the calming sound but if it don't help. I will be uninstalling it.
Trash
BE READY TO SPEND MONEY...
Snoring and talking in premium..
Too much fees with 500 L.E
I open the app and instantly get an ad. Then the app closes on its own.
Stop charging me! I keep being charged for an app ive uninstalled!!!!
Impossible to find the cancelation area.
Not at all as descrided!!!!
Goes off in the middle of the night
Snore and voice tracking is a premium feature that you have to pay for. The description is very misleading. I uninstalled when i found this out. Didn't even bother in trying the app.
I liked the app but the bloody price was out of this world, I have to pay to see how I sleep at night and what I can do better? Damn boi downloaded it once and never again. Not to mention everything in there is premium.
This is fraud. I tried to order the 3 day free trial. And instantly got charged 52$ this I bogus and a scam do not download this
Can't even download this crappy app.
Not worth it to have ; it does nothing at all to improve the sleep!!!!!!
Absolutely awful app. Having loads of trouble with my sleep of late and thought a sleep tracker would be ideal to monitor and track my sleep. Shouldn't have to pay an extortionate amount of money to monitor my own sleep. Unable to use most of the things on the app because everything requires payment. Absolutely awful and owner/creator should be ashamed of themselves.
One star only to describe that you can't even checm how it likes without payment even trial need a payment
I didnt want to pay subscribtion, and they just took my money. Tried to write them. Nothing...
$100 a year? LOL
I've already done this once. And I'll keep doing it until I get my money back. 40 bucks for an alarm clock is ridiculous. Lol please contact me asap.
Junk
who's dumb idea was it to record your sleep!? this is the lowest and the dumbest thing ever!! who would have to stupid enough to have this!! please remove ALL these sleeping apps!!!😡😡😡
This app is very misleading. Making it sound like a free app but to see anything you have to pay. I immediately deleted the app. Very disappointed
Not free Nope not free
I have like 9 thing i was talking and snoring and i cant listen to them cause i have to PAY like REALLYYYY!!!!!
99% of App function is only accessible by Paying!
Nothing is free. Why offer it for free at all when you can not access any of the features. Lame.
you can't try tge service at all without payed registration. i would recommend making it so you can try it out for a little bit before you need to pay.
If you got a Samsung then use the Samsung one, it's just as good and is free. Wanted money within seconds of the app downloading. Instantly uninstalled and bad reviewed. Google...poor effort guys.
Make it $10 no subscription and your get 10x sales
I am not happy at all with this app! I just signed up for the trial which gives you 3 days to try and is supposed to notify you when your trial is ending but it didn't notify and charged me $39.99! I had cancelled my subscription before the 3 days time frame but still got charged. Don't give them your credit card # period! I am furious! I sent a email asking for the charge to be reversed on my card and no reply. This would have been a good app if they followed up with what they promised you.
Really money hungry app.. Legit every single thing in this app is available for free somewhere else, totally not worth.
god i was so close to giving this a five star... until i cancelled my membership and was still charged for the purchase despite cancel
Impossible to switch off with ease! Very frustrating and starts you day off wrong!
This is not a free app. You can't hardly use any features unless you pay. Misleading. Terrible app.
I only downloaded for the free trial. Woke up and there is an unauthoruzed subscribtion fee and the damn thing wasnt even installed on my phone anymore. What a load of bull.
Ditto to everything everyone else is saying!! App very frustrating! Won't close, freezes, daily track disappears, on and on... Please fix, if worked properly would be a great app. Also, takes too long to track food, needs to be simpler. Uninstalled, will track carbs by hand.
After every action I perform it crashes! So frustrating.
Old app was much better
Either it freezes on me, or it says network error. Please fix this so I can continue using this app. I was really liking this app until this happened
This app does not recognize so many foods. It's hard to keep track. Or stop what your doing to typing in everything on the nutritional label. Not for me. I want to scan it show up and I'm done.
I am so mad...I had all my weight losses tracked on the old app which was very motivating that I used to look at all the time seeing how much I weighed during certain times and now it lost all of that history and I am starting over!! It's making me hate Atkins for losing all of that motivating info I trusted I could keep track of on there.
Tried the old tracker wouldn't let me even complete the sign up process. Just tried the new tracker, wouldn't let me complete the sign up process.
This was going great for an app and then the disappearing carb count happened...fix the problem...... :-(
Nothing works but the weight tracker. GET IT TOGETHER ATKINS!
Couldnt fix typos and it caused my phone to freeze up. I had to uninstall the app.
Not able to add new food items and their calorie and carb values
Can't even sign up..says user already exists.  Funny, i made a new profile specifically for this so its impossible. Don't waste your time
Has to be the worst diet app there is. This app is so had to use. Very limited in serving sizes , and data base.
Search is stuck on editing a food, now the app is worthless to me. Please fix
I can't get into the app. Just keeps searching for anything I enter. Can not even enter my assessment
Can't log in. The Devices tab just keeps reloading. Needs a lot of work.
I'm a die-hard Atkins fan but this app is definitely not up to speed. Trying to add entries in the daily plan is torture. It takes forever, can't find simple items, and favorites don't load at all.
It crashes and freezes.  Very slow when it does work.  To bad cause it looks like a good app.
App keeps crashing, which is why I finally gave up and unninstalled
Can't track food. Getting an error. Samsung galaxy 5 lollipop.
I had much trouble just setting up an account very frustrating I don't use the name c yeats
Hard to use
Good info however non of personal log gets saved..
Not working won't install on my phone
App freezes when doing food search and scanner doesn't work.  Just freezes.
The concept is awesome but the delivery is not. This app crashes non stop its un-useable, for a lack of a better word.
Phone freezes 5 minutes of having the app on and recipe items have wrong pics on them. The pics blink out and switch around. It won't let me save any recipes to favs. Would be a really cool and useful app if fixed. Not cool. 5 stars if it gets fixed. Until then I'm uninstalling..
Won't even let me log in. Rubbish app
Cant search or bar code scan anything...ill use another app until this is addressed
Very disappointed. Was an awesome app for the first 3 days then it froze. I really want to use it. It was so helpful. I really hope this gets fixed.
I cant even log in, im trying to renew my password but it doesnt send me an email with a new one. I have tried several times. Please fix
just ok. full website much easier to track with and more suited to my needs. this app is a waste of anyone's time.
This is the most frustrating app ever. Adding food that isn't on the Atkins meal plan is impossible.
Every time I put food into the food diary. I have deleted it and reloaded it twice. I have even hit "clear" and started fresh.  It also will not scan and add new foods to my favorite list.
Would not scan or keep track of my food I add
Sucks don't work
Would not work. Just kept saying unfortunately Atkins carb tracker has stopped working.
The first daynof my diet and i cant add "eggs" on my meal tracker?? I went through all that time to set up an account and it doesnt work.
Couldn't get past the horrible scanner ...it took forever and wouldn't 
focus well..I have used other apps that are way better...very dissapointing
Hard to use. Food values are not correct. You are not able to use decimals when entering your weight.
Not user friendly....takes too long to enter daily meals.  Have to backspace last entered food under the search option.  Etc...
The updated app in beyond awful. You've taken away the most useful parts, and didn't add anything useful. If you would have asked "us" your users, we could have told you what you could have done to make it better. If you don't change it back my husband and I have uninstalled and will find another app. 😡🙁🙁
Couldn't log in waste of time.
Freezes the phone all the time.  Need to do a hard reset on the phone, before you can do anything.
Glad this was free. Owned it 5 minutes and hated it! App is slow, won't retain any info. put into it, and won't even let me enter a profile. Step it up atkins...you're leaps and bounds behind My fitness pal!
Can't open it. ..can't reset my password.
Sucks, kept saying network error over over and over again I uninstalled it
It was working fine but now when I try to log my food everything is jumbled together and I can't log. Bummer. Update 8/1/2020 Tracker can be a hit or miss some days. Sometimes it will log a food twice so make sure you pay attention to it. Sometimes it crashes in the middle of tracking your entries. 10/1/2020 OMG!!!! This app is so frustrating. In the middle of logging in food it crashes. Worthless.
Half the time it doesn't scan its own product. Will not track none Atkins food correctly. Doesn't recognize most bar codes. Great food great diet poor app. So sad!
I have to open up running tasks and force close this application to exit.
Fix this and it will be great.
Downloaded a week ago and all was great. Now I can't get past the home screen. Uninstalled and reinstalled and that didnt work either
It would be nice to be able to type in your food and have it calculate your carbs. Maybe it is operator error. I hated it.
Installed it and it wouldn't even open. Useless.
Will not let me login.  Requested reset password...no response. Doesn't work.
Surprised Atkins doesn't have an app that works. Not usable, crashes constantly.
With the last update this app is unusable. There's nowhere to add foods, many foods that were in there are now gone, and some that are there are wildly incorrect. I so do not seem to have my past history on the dash any longer, which was a nice incentive to me.  The only positive thing I have to say about this update is I can add steps into the app every day now. However, that should be automatically generated since it's already on the mobile device!  This was a 4-star app, but this update takes it to a half-star at best.
NETWORK ERROR. FIX IT ALREADY
App frequently freezes when searching for foods. Bar code reading interface can't find Atkins products.  Unable to add items to favorites.
Wont add favorites, crashes immediately if you try to scan anything.  Hopefully they fix it soon!  You would think a large company like Atkins would have a better tech support group for a nationally advertised application.
keeps shutting down, you can't see your daily totals on the app which is annoying. I don't time to log into computer to see totals all the time.
This app doesn't work anymore. No way to contact anyone for support to troubleshoot this issue. Not recommended.
This app needs lots of work.  Gets stuck all the time, doesn't close, pain to get to navigate.  Not worth the time or effort
Alot of bugs with this ..good idea  but needs ALOT of work.
It is so confusing to me. What info that I could pull from the app looked good but it took me 3 hours. I'm frustrated.  I really  was excited but not anymore.
Its six weeks since previous reviews of the same problem...what are you doing? It wont accept my password I know to be correct and when I try to reset it...I get the endless wheel. Bitterly disappointed.
Simply did not work
Not helpful at all. food database is horrible and food searches never find the correct food. its extremely hard to navigate . Deleted.
Hate it Bar code scanner sucks don't scan half the time fix issues maybe I will rate it a 5 star
This app sucks i have tried every user name i can think of and it doesn't except it so deleting it was really a waste of my time and really didn't want to give it 1 star
The scan app is junk and inacurate.
Would have given it 5 stars up until today...network error is what I keep getting.  Hope they fix it because this is frustrating as I was keeping track of everything on this and now its all messed up.  I'll give it one more day for them to get it straightened out
I added foods for only one day three times.  Either the calories and carb count calculated incorrectly, or the items would disappear.
What a mess! Poorly designed, poorly programmed. Confusing and godawfully slow. A bruise on the Atkins brand. They should be the best, but this app isnt even a contender. Tracking anything is a pain, but mainly you get spinning  arrows. Deleting.
Great idea for an app but it freezes and you cant back out of the app. I had to uninstall it. I hope you're working on it!
The worst program for entering custom recipes...TOTALLY SUCKS!!! I have this app on my samsung and my ipad and its such a hassle because the same options are not available on each device. How good is an app when it requires 2 separate devices to track food and recipes? I hate this lousy app!
Worked for a couple hours, now it constantly says "network error". Just junk
Barcode scanner back
Doesn't  work set up twice changed password still not working .
Sure wish it would install.
The tutorial looked promising. Unfortunately, it won't  save items added to your daily plan and items preloaded from Atkins meal planner, which includes their packaged items, won't stay deleted. If you clear the option to show Atkins menu items, you lose what you entered. Adding items manually is difficult. It doesn't clear your searches if you don't track the items. If they work out the bugs, I would suggest adding a shopping list option to it. Also, give option to select different meals.
Just need to keep track of net carbs, big app, not very functional or instinctive. Just give me a net carbs counter, I know the program.
The functionality of this app is almost nonexistent. The free version of My Fitness Pal will not only tell you how many carbs but it'll dial in the rest of your macros, calories, fiber grams, sodium and a few micronutrients. I don't even see a searchable recipe library in your app. The diet may be on point, but y'all need to fire your app developers and hire some that will actually help people stay on the diet!! I'll stick with tracking on MFP.
10 times now trying to create an account and it keeps telling me to check my info...
The look up option has locked up, and now I can't look up new foods. The selection of foods is very limited, so most items I need to enter manually anyway. The date on the food log is ahead one day, so I have to back up a day every time I want to log something. I agree with the other reviewer... c'mon Atkins you can do better!!!
Oh please fix this whole thing. I can't get anything to track unless I just do it over & over. I like the overview.
App started out working great with a few minor glitches noted by others such as not letting you edit quantities and sometimes not taking the correct carb count. The scan feature never works and today all my entries were zeroed out and I can't add anything. This would be a great app if it worked properly :(
Love the idea but the scan feature shuts my app down every time I use it. Then I tried the quick add feature... Not sure where my item went but it did not go in my foods.
Obvious, common foods are missing and other foods show in duplicate but with different nutritional facts. I've downloaded this app, not once, but twice, and deleted it out of frustration both times. Too bad because I love The Atkins Nutritional Approach. Forty pounds and counting.
Been using for 6 months, but since recent update I can no longer end my period on the app rendering it kind of pointless, please can this be fixed?
IT WAS HORRIBLE ☹️ 😭 IT SAID MY NETWORK WAS NOT WORKING 😡
Comes up as free app but its not
If I could give 0 stars I would...app is defective and won't let you cancel, they trap you into paying $85 with no help from support....very dissatisfied!!!
It keeps searching and it won't let me download it
Abo falle
I got charged 21.63 for something that i dont even know about. They are stealing money.
I am so upset at the moment. It worked perfectly fine on iPhone now I changed to android and all it says is network not connected!! Therfore I am not able to update anything. Re installed the app 2 times but nothing. I was expecting nothing more but it to work. Waste of money. Big disappointment.
THIS APP SHOULDN'T BE FREE AT ALL. THIS APP HAS YOU PAY MONEY TO START. FIX THIS PLEASE.
Why does it cost a monthly fee when we have already bought the femometer thermometer? It should be free for paying customers. I did not know nor was told we had to pay!
Ugh couldnt even sign up
I can't even sign up for the app. I just got the femometer and wanted to set up the app and I keep getting the error saying "network not connected."
All my recent free stuff gone with updates really dont like this now
Stupid-very hard to just taKe a basic temperature.
I subscribed to annual premium plan and two days later the my plan was automatically cancelled for no reason and I got a refund. I tried again and same thing happened. I contacted the customer service and they didnt understand English at all and pasted some standard answer that was completely off topic. Going to uninstall. Too bad I even bought their thermometer. Stay away. If you have problem you are most likely not going to get your answer with their customer service.
Was ok until I accidentally changed period date and it wouldn't let me change it back. So that made it useless and not reliable
The server is always down. Get " Ovia" way better app
The recent bug hasnt been fixed yet. Don't believe it. I've been waiting for access to my account with prime for almost two weeks now. Exchanged few emails with someone who suppose to be part of support team but doesn't behave like one. Lack of professionalism in aproach. All my data gone, prime valid untill Nov- don't have access to it.
It's good but to access anything that'll really help, I have to pay for and can't afford it. And this isn't PCOS friendly
I've been using this for almost two months. With a full battery, it will no longer sync my temps. Due to it not being digital it is now useless because I cannot manually add a temp because I don't have another one. Very frustrated and want to return this.
It just won't work charged me for a subscription I didn't even want.
Great, if you pay, if you get the free version you get very little information. Im using the ovulation prediction product (which I bought) and i get nothing from the app. Very disapointed
They keep on emailing about getting Amazon reviews in exchange for their products, which is against Amazon regulation. I don't trust them!
Cant connect to the network all of a sudden. It was working great.
Im sorry but i am absolutely gob smacked that i have just spent almost £30 on femometer accessories, basal, tests which arrived today then downloaded this app Just to realise i now must pay MONTHLY! Just to use the femo app with my new femo accessories. What is the point of buying their products if i then have to pay just to use them!! It will cost a fortune over a year to use this femo set and manual inputting of normal tests and temp into a free app has worked fine for 2 years hmmm!
DON'T DO IT!!! You will be scammed like me. I haven't even had this app for a week and today they just withdrew $15.99 AU without even my authorisation. This is not a free trial App for a month as they claim. This is fraud!
Wrong ovulation day from bbt!! Ignorant customer service. I had been tracking opk's and bbt and it showed my ovulation date from bbt off by 3 days, even though my peak reading was 2 days later. I emailed their support about how concerning this is for women trying to conceive and missing their ovulation by that much is making women miss their crucial Fertility window. The response? "ovulation is based on your last cycle and will be confirmed by thermal shift" go use Fertility friend.
I bought the thermometer and everything and now I can't even download the app :(
had problems when i just bought the device with the battery. i now again am have conection and pairing problems. i am very unhappy with the device and app at this point.
the fertility week changes often
Waste app.. please don't use it
All was good for about two months until yesterday the calendar part went blank and it said that the "user doesn't exist"...
This app is horrible. Difficult to use and doesn't work most of the time. Save your money and go elsewhere.
App never works right. Always tells me its not connected. Do not waste your time or money.
This app is trash
Horrible
They said they optimized period tracking, but it's so hard to log! I only have a one day period, and it won't let me log when it ends. Very frustrating because how can I hope to get accurate predictions if I can't log things correctly?
I rated that app yesterday with one star, and they just deleted my review. That is how an app so bad has such a great rating, I was wondering how it was even possible, at least now I know :)
Didn't understand it, the layout was confusing to me, and I wouldn't recommend it to anyone I know.
Really like this app, but can't get it in your cycle details without pain, 50 bucks, and I can't afford that.
Can't update period date, nothing will save, doesn't load correctly. They spend so much time trying to up-sell you, they forgot to make the app work.
When installed the ap it said a 14 day free trial. It took the money after 7 days. Ap keeps crashing.
I cannot update any tests in the app because the pop window to subscribe to an offer keeps opening everytime I close it. Very aggressive tactic.
I can not connect it to my bluetooth...
This app seems to be more dedicated to selling their products or getting you to pay for a premium rather than fertility tracking
Bad
Been trying 2 days to download this app dont think it's my phone.
After putting all of my information in there has been no change at all in my stats. Not a single thing changed at all. My period just ended and still no change at all. Not waisting anymore of my time with this app.
Cant pair it and I get email from company telling me I need to turn bluetooth on. Talking to me like I'm I dont know how! Also they have send me pdf file which my phone has rejected it as it asked for permission to install program. And before you click everything is in Chinese.
it won't load pics anymore. keeps saying server is busy the last few days. now this app is useless.
Im trying to make an account and it wont connect... it says network not connected even though my wifi and phone is fine. can anyone help?
If it's not broke don't fix it. I've been using this for over a year and really loved it but now they like everyone have changed the layout ext and it's a mess.not easy to use anymore. Nothing more annoying than things being great n they change it for the worse. Any way of reverting back to how it was few weeks ago??
Lame cant do anything really unless pay
On only my 3rd day of using the app after buying the thermometer and it's 
crashed, it hasn't taken my reading, keeps saying loading and still won't 
work after re starting my phone. I'm now going to have to delete and 're 
download the app or lose all my data. If I could I'd send the thermometer 
back and go with a different company I would.
I had to reset my phone and all my data entered into the app disappeared. I paid for this app. I sent emails to customer service and received no replies back. 3 months paid for wasted. I am greatly disappointed.
I mean, it's expensive. They want their own test sticks that aren't cheap at all, and I've seen more reliable apps. That also don't want a subscription to tell a woman their monthly cycle.
Really liked this app but as of today it stopped working. 😭 Please fix it!!!
I had this app for a little under two weeks and I was charged $10! It's supposed to be a month free trial! This is a horrible app! I would like my money back!
Bought this device due to the Bluetooth capabilities, but I've tried with 3 different phones & cannot pair the Vinca II. Any ideas why?
Horrible they stole my money yes because once my prime membership started all of my data changed I was 3 days off in my cycles they changed my fertile days ECT ally info is different I'm in tears and u can't contact
Rip off!!! I tried this as they were running a "7 day free trial". It was not what i wanted so i followed instructions to "unsubscribe" but when i went to the website i tried to click the unsubscribe button and it would not let me...i uninstalled the app, re-installed the app and tried again with the same outcome. So, i have been charged every month for an app i not only dont use but havent had installed on my phone since the first time i tried to end my "free trial"...
I personally think that it would be great if everyone could use the Analysis part of the app regardless if they have premium or not. Changing it to a one star because it said based on my bbt I ovulated on the 14th even though I've been taking ovulation tests as well and they show that I haven't ovulated yet.
The camera in the app doesn't recognize my strips to upload them. I have to take photos of my LH strips outside that app and upload them when I have time but the app doesn't allow me to edit the time my strips were actually taken. I should at least be able to edit my own data. The fact that I can't is garbage. And why does the app have to be connected to the internet to function?!
Tried to sign up for the 7 day free trial and they tried charging my account 5 dollars... nope 👎
Inaccurate information
I paid for a whole year subscription on Friday and I got an email today saying it was cancelled? I am not sure why it cancelled after only a few days, but I am very disappointed since my credit card has already been charged.
Terrible app. I downloaded it and used quick sign up option, entered email and a password to which it just kept spinning on the loading screen. Tried again, told me email address already had an account but wouldn't let me log in. Tried to register with phone number, sent me 5 codes. Couldn't enter the right one, told it to resend code to which it sent 2 new codes immediately. Again, wouldn't let me enter them.
Great if you pay! If not you only can get very little information and all time they are offering to buy it for more information. Very disappointed!
Signed up twice with two separate emails, both times my partner's account says we're linked and then the app starts asking me for my period info! Logged in, none of her data is there. Can't find a way to link to her again. Complete waste of our time.
Doesnt work. Cant log in due to a bug... I need to out a symbol in thr password and when i do it says i domt have enough characters and then i tried to log in with phone and it doesnt want to....
I have reduced this rating to one star because this app has been erasing my data overnight consistently for over a week. I am frustrated because I paid for it and it is currently completely worthless because it cannot save my data.
Was brilliant but now no longer recognises test strips, it keeps saying the server has failed. So disappointing
The predictions are behind a paywall, so it's just a current and past symptom tracker really?
It doesnt say fertile days
I subscribed twice only to have to canceled TWICE. Why is this? The app works well, but I refuse to pay again.
I really liked this app...but then you made it chargeable...after we already have to BUY your sticks.....
I subscribed for 12 months of prime, and I've only had it for maybe a week or two.. And now it's asking me to resubscribe. It went through on my visa and everything.... Not impressed!! I want my prime back! Also, not getting feedback from the company. I'm still not receiving any help from the company and it's been 2 days.. My email says it was canceled but still charged my visa.. I'm really not happy!
To much money and it took forever just to cancel
took away a free feature. deleting the app now. trying to avoid pregnancy so need to find a more reliable app
The ad for whatever premium service they are advertising keeps popping up even if I completely exit the page. Its basically unusable and I just bought the opk kit that goes with the app for no reason.
Trying to download app. It will not load after downloading.
Constantly crashing or saying can't connect to the Internet
Worst app completely off and terrible if u have irregular period days
Pretty bad when you create an account and it says that account doesn't exist when you try to log in... But then you try to create an account and it says that it already exists.
Been on a free trial and got charged. This so disrespectful.
I signed up for the one day trial of your app and was charged for the ENTIRE YEAR! I emailed them and they refused to refund me my amount even though it has not even been 24 hours yet!
I got charged £8.99 for this App for no reason, Google is not refunding and I cannot even see the features of the subscription, nothing works on this app, money was just taken. I still don't have my refund yet in my PayPal and it was confirmed by PayPal that merchant has not initiated any refund
I've had this app for a just over a week and it was on a free 1 month trial basis. The shock I had that I've now been charged £9.49. Complete misleading information. Absolute RIP off. Cancelled after subscribing on the 18/10 and now been informed not cancelling until the end of November when I have requested to cancel now and would like my money back. Do not waste your time and money on this app!!!!
I had a great experience until I had a miscarriage and tried to end the pregnancy on the app and it wouldn't let me. I tried two different ways, then uninstalled and reinstalled with no luck. A picture of a foetus, now 2 weeks older, still appears one the front page of the app. Please make it easy and straight forward for women to cancel a pregnancy. I've now uninstalled it.
No way to reset your info. Post miscarriage and bleeding for 10 weeks I would like the option to start my CD1 from the day I stopped bleeding but unable to do this Also subscribed to prime and stated you get 7 days free however I have been charged for a month of use when I cancelled straight away because the predictions didnt tell me anything!
No, No, No. This App is all about selling monthly memberships in addition to the pricey thermometer. Scam.
Cannot subscribe to Prime and I am getting no help from the team. I've reached out since last week with only one response gearing toward an iPhone user (I have a Samsung), I've explained that the solution does not help me and I've never received another response back....very frustrating...
I paid for the subscription and the app still wouldn't unlock the prime features. I tried resetting my phone and all. Until the app works or I get my money back you get 1 star. Fix my stuff or give my money back, then I'll give you more stars. A good app is "bad" if it steals your money.
Pointless app
Confusing and I can't end the period. It just keeps going.
Had this app for a about a year, now all of a sudden, I'm having all kinds of issues. It doesn't show the calendar, won't let me log activity, always says network not connected, will show calenders from 2009. Now, I'm trying to find a new fertility app.
It won't let me download it so I can try it out
I subscribed to premium. It continues to tell me processing subscription. Even after Uninstalling and reinstalling app. This has been going on for 2 days.
I had canceled this a while ago and guess it never did I was able to cancel again but been charged the 9.99. That was diaper money for my son
Didn't work for me!!
I hate it trying to trqck your period sighning up it doesn't make sense at all
Very hard to use. inaccurate body temperature readings.
This app used to work well, but with the latest 2019 update, most of my previous data was deleted. Now, it seems to randomly delete data every few days. It is now no longer accurately tracking anything AND not a safe place to store my records. Very disappointing.
I only bought these strips to track my hcg levels. On Amazon it showed pictures of the app displaying hcg levels. The packaging also shows those levels. However, when i upload my test, it only says positive! Ive done it in trying to conceive and pregnancy mode! Soooo frustrating! I also emailed for support with NO response! Don't waste your time!!!
Fraud!! Do not use this! They steal from you and won't let you cancel.
Man. as a spouse that wanted to link, good luck. We did it and I could not see much lf anything expcept her calendar and ovulation dates. Why cant i click on a day amd see detsils lile she can. This is useless for the average person.
I absolutely love this app. So much that I paid for a 3 month subscription after the week free trial. 4 days later Google tells me my subscription has been cancelled. I didn't cancel it. FEM says Google has cancelled it and they have nothing to do with it. They did give steps to follow for iPhone even though I use android. I just want the subscription reinstating or reimbursing. Feels like I'm being fobbed off in every way.
I'm trying to cancel my subscription and not having any luck, can you advise?
have to pay for prime to upgrade for this confusing garbage? I'll stick to Flo...
Downloaded the app and it didnt say anything about costing money UNTIL after I signed up and tried to use it. I uninstalled right after 🤷‍♀️
You have to pay a subscription to take your temperature.. the actual device already cost £24.. no thanks Update:. When I went through the process of creating an account, I took my temperature and couldn't see what it was unless I got a subscription, hence this.. i ended up throwing the thing away because it wasn't useful for me and I had already used it, with covid underway it wouldn't have been hygienic for me to return it.
I've been using this app for about a month and it doesn't sync with my femometor. I have to uninstall the app and reinstall everytime to get my information added. So annoying, going to give it a try again otherwise returning the item. Not worth the money
takes literally 10 mins to read my temperature, thats when it actually feels like working. suppose to get temperature as soon as i wakeup, but by the time it gets a reading I've already been up for at Least 10 mins. pain in the butt to connect via bluetooth. alarm stopped working at all.
This app is the most clunky and takes the longest to enter info out of the 5 apps I am currently testing. Backfilled with 9 months of data from another app (CM, position, BBT, symptoms, all of it) and the predictions are way way off by over a week or more, and I am very regular. The apps attempt to analyze BBT is absolutely terrible. Do not attempt to us this app for birth control, whatever you do.
The app hasn't been working after an update for almost a month now!
Scam! "Free trial" cancellation date is same as payment date and the free trial doesn't even give you anything, just keeps saying to purchase again! Thankfully I didn't purchase a BBT thermometer connected to the app. I have one I got for $10 from them that I was manually inputting the data from. It works fine and I'll use it with another app or just a pen and graph paper because so many apps like this are scamming women who like me are stressed enough from trying to conceive as it is.
Didn't work.
Terrible, trying to find an app that correctly tracks pregnancy and miscarriages. This does a terrible job and is clunky to work with.
Will charge you even if you cancel!!!!
It keeps changing me after I unsubscribe
Initially didn't download however I'm glad as on reading app permissions it states that the app requests permission to remove the contents of your SD card, connect to Bluetooth, connect to WiFi and access your photos, camera and video!! Sounds awful!
Getting multiple notifications daily with no option to stop them. Uninstalled
One more non functioning app with bad marketing gimmics! After reading highly rated reviews that the app works, i took a 3 month prime subscription. My period is highly irregular due to PCOS. The app has not been able to make useful predictions for me. I always knew it may not be too useful, but i took a chance. Anyway, the thing which irated me is there is no expert analysis of the BBT data whatsoever. Its just computer generated statistics which is available in the free version too. Its just that it will allow you to download with prime. Also, they will send tons of reminders to use the app and order more related products, but wont remind when subscription is renewing. I should have been aware of such gimmics. I would say use the free version if it works for you, no point going prime for not so accurate service
RIP off completely. I signed up for subscription by accident went in quickly and canceled and tells me it will can cell in a year from today (03/29/2021) I want my refund of $26.89 I was with in my 15 minutes of canceling. And you guys are that hard up for an earning you just steal??? All users beware!!!!
cannot sign up, waste of money, tried two different phones, tried both email and phone number sign up, always error network not connected!
It says it's free but not free
when a person is pressing the done button its not going through
The app miscalculates consistently. My cycle always lasts 28 days and I ovulate on day 14, I have a 5 day period. This app will automatically log a 6 or 7 day period or predict ovulation on day 11 or 18 which throws predictions off for the entire cycle. I've been tricked by this app many times before and it's caused me to miss ovulation days.
It wouldn't let me set the day my period ended. It said my period lasted a whole month. Uninstalling and getting a new app.
I joined this app to track my BBT then tried the premium level to access the user group. I hoped to engage with people going through the same experience and to ask advice - the app allows you to upload your initial user story but after that the questions I asked weren't posted. The developers said they get lost or just aren't presented! My advice would be do not use this app for the community, its not built to allow engagement, useful for tracking temp but can do without upgrade- save your ££!
I logged periods for six months. The last two months I've edited my period because it's irregular and it doesn't change the ovulation day to match. Right now it says my ovulation is over a week away and my period ended Friday/Saturday! Uninstalling and trying another!
This app is far too complicated. I've paid for monthly subscriptions along with the thermometer and I don't see how any of the data I add actually affects the predictions in the calendar. I have also been using a another free app that works better, is more accurate, and easier to use. Unfortunately for me, this was just a waste of money.
It won't load past putting an email in, I tried using my phone number to sign up, sending codes 5 minutes after requesting the verification code by the time you get it its expired. If the app doesn't work the thermometer is useless.
It's slow, buggy, and sketchy. It has trouble loading. It seems like it could be useful, if it could actually connect to a network...
Intelligent recognition for LH test wont work anymore. Says 95% loading then server is busy. Purchased femometer brand tests to use with this app but it was pointless. Not impressed.
They offer fake "deals" which are scams, and dont respond to emails on the scam offer or their customer service email. The app isnt bad as long as you dont fall for their tricks or ever need help or any kind of adsistance. I think the MAYA app is better, and has more customization offers that you dont have to pay for, unlike this one.
Paid for a full year subscription. Only to have it for a week and and got a notification it was canceled and then my prime ended a whole year early. Havent gotten any responses back from support. I want a refund on that $31 I spent on prime plus the 10 I had to spend today just to keep it active while I get it figured out I'm very upset with this app.
Scam. Read the reviews. Everything is fine at the beginning then all the sudden you get errors, lose all your data, and then can't connect again rendering the thermometer useless. Really pissed I lost everything and can't even log in now and get an error.
Whhy it takes soo long for me to sing up i put it in correctly and its still longing slow
This is a total rip off they charge you soon as a week pass when they said the app is 1 month free trial
Horrible... couldn't even initiate app without errors galore
App does not allow me to delete or change period dates. Also, when I enter a period it is changing the dates to begin/end one day earlier than what I logged. * I have also already emailed the company prior to writing my review and they responded to my review and not my email. ** Still no resolution, cannot edit or delete data.
This is not free. Idk why it even shows up.
Its not worth paying for
Dislike!
I had paid for the premium version in the past which is not that good , and now that I changed phone and tried to install it again with the same account is forcing me to pay again. There is not even an option to keep just the free version, as it sends me directly to payment . Awful.
There is nothing in the app. The add symptoms button doesn't work. I could just add a date. That's it.
Didn't even let me create an account. Kept saying error validation. Would have really liked to used it too. Looked like a good one
Need to create an account and cant use it without adding personal data such as email address and birthdate.
Useless, not able to log the flow, unclear,
Was not easy to use and was hard to understand. Delete my account was hard to do and I am not sure it is fully deleted.
need email to begin like no i dont want your emails
Bad
Horrible App
This is so hard to understand for me.
I got a virus from downloading this app. Im sure it was by accident or a mistake or something, but it still happened.
So confusing
This not helping me, at all. Its between I'm not days late or two days early. Maybe I put it in wrong. But it seems like this not for me .
People have more than one mood over the course of the day. The options are too limited to be useful. Good for tracking the actual days, but not the symptoms of your period. There are other apps that offer a better overall/all-around experience.
Inaccurate as hell
Very bad
What's a PERIOD plus for some reason it came up on my library DID NOT DOWNLOAD WHY DID OT SAY O DID !!! ¯\_ಠ_ಠ_/¯.
Doesn't tell you anything that you can understand
Prepare for pregnancy several months, how can i get the baby gender prediction？
Very poor when month changes
waste app,no use
This app deleted half my notes and comments... Haven't even had it a full 30 days!
I can't track anything with this. Like I can even log my period. I don't think this works. Uninstall.
Not able to download it
Worst app..its not reflected the updated information...you can not detect your account...customer support never revert on your problem
Nice application
Be nice if we could input more days of how long our cycle lasts. Not everyone has a 1-12 day cycle
It is very bad ... Its not showing the possible number of days properly..
Nice app . I realy like this app
This tracker never told me the right thing I do not regimen this app
Terrible App. Won't save long periods.
Hahaha
Very good app Love it
It keeps giving me Chain Validation Error! I can't make an account!
Blank screens
I do not like this app at all. When it asks for symptoms like mood swings you only get to choose one and for me that sucks because i go through more than just one and it doesnt even predict the time when your period starts. I just dont like this one its not for me. Me and my sis tried it and it wasnt for us.
This app is horrible for people who do not have consistent cycles. There is no way to make adjustments to account for periods which last a different number of days than normal or ovulating on unexpected days. Even the rate us section only allows the person to choose 5 stars. I'm very disappointed in this app.
I am locked out of my account. They have all my data and I am not able to contact anyone for help. I switched phones and I have used this app for years to track my monthly cycle. Please help so I can get my data back?!
It told me I had a high chance of getting pregnant (26%) and I never had sex and my age is too young for me to get pregnant yet it really worried me and probably it is worrying other people please can you fix that?
لم يعجبني...........هذا التطبيق ليس عمليا على الإطلاق
not good
Why tf do we have to sign up????
not helpful
I realy liked this app until last week when all my notes and symptoms that i saved from months before suddenly disappeared and i can't get them back. I contacted the customer support for help but they did nothing. It was a waste of time, will delete this app and won't recommend it to anyone.
Was supposed to have 7 day trial by Google play charged a whole month
DO NOT DOWNLOAD! I downloaded this app a year ago and when I bought a subscription it charged me double, so I sent them an email and they said it wasn't their problem and nothing was done about that. After all that I cancelled my subscription. Now a year later they charged me AGAIN for a years subscition and AGAIN thei wont refund me.
Can't use the app at all as it always tells me I have no internet connection when I try to create an account.
Was really looking forward to using this app, it seemed to tick all the right boxes. Unfortunately it didn't live up to expectations. I personally wanted the app to do all the planning work for me and it does to a point but was constantly swapping out workouts and recipes due to lack of equipment for the workout or ingredients that I don't like. You can't set a permanent filter for your preferences!? The workouts I did do were good but the recipes are complex and cost £££!
I want to cancel my subscription but the app and website want let me
Don't believe what they say. You need equipment for so many of these exercises that it is just not worth it at home
Subscription seems unnecessary. I understand the same answer of removing the 7 day free trial but if that's the case then just apply a lock after the 7 days and you can still have people trying it out for free for 7 days. And if like you said it's connected to a Google account then you should be fine. I doubt anyone has the time to make 50 Google accounts just to get 50 free weeks of your app lol but overall the theme and layout looks cool. Uninstalled for lack of freedom.
Just because they have famous people doesn't mean that the app is the best I heard really bad things about overcharge so then I can't even refund. It looks like a little bit of a rip off. Joke.
Makes no sense!!! I read the article where says: - the app is completely FREE, It is NOT! You have to pay!!!! - you can do home training, you CANNOT - you HAVE to own gym equipment (absurd concept) Are out there apps that allow you to do CrossFit, Tabata, HIIT at home without weight.
This app is garbage!!!! I tried to cancel my subscription and I couldn't find the way to do it! I'm not an idiot, I have many subscription services and this is by far the most hard and complicated of them!!! They literally steal your money. This sucks, my wife is a lawyer, we just started the papers to sue them, I know is a small amount of money but it's a fraud. Don't get this app.
To use free trial payment card number is must.
I did not see anything special on the app that stands out from other apps. There's no justification for such an expensive subscription.
Wanted to try the app when I heard it was free during the epidemic... Just got charged $135 for something I used once and decided wasn't for me. Update - I appreciate the developer reaching out and advising me to contact their e-mail. I did and received one back. Was told their small print covered their end so I’m out a years subscription fee for a simple mistake. They apologized and were truly sorry but can’t even make an attempt to meet me in the middle and help out someone during these tough economic times. I suggested just charging me a months fee and refunding me the rest but haven’t heard anything from them since. Feeling like I was taken advantage of by a service that promotes a good, healthy lifestyle. Beware of this organization. You’re just cash in the bank, they seem to not really care about people at all.
Centr stole my money while in cahoots with Google play. I paid for a year's subscription and got about 12 days out of it then I got shut out of my account. I wrote to Center customer service, but that didn't help. They tried to say Google has my money, then Google played games and said Centr has my money and that I should talk to them. Needless to say, I'm out 120 dollars and only used about 12/365 days that I paid for.
Stole my money, signed up for free trial and ended it before the 7 days were up and they still took the money.
No functionality unless you pay.
Please don't download this app is going to charge automatic 99 $ , and after you can do anything to bring money back...
Very misleading and does not help
How can you ask to bill ... By giving our credentials when there is a 6 week free... After the 6th week.. you can ask for the details to pay...
Keeps kicking me out on the loading screen
No other apps connection, ex my fitness ap, Google git or various weight scale apps. No option to see or track weight, no option to even add it....meals come with 600++ calories per serving...is that a joke? Training and food recipes are good, but defeat the purpose of the app, maybe should be reclasified then.
I would review but I didn't get past the money part.
Terrible experience... Downloaded the app to try out the free 7 day trial. Didn't even use the app and after 7 days from the download they charged me for the year and won't give me a refund. Bad experience. Don't download unless you want to get gouged for $165.00. Don't even download this app unless you want to pay for it.
Got charged for a "free trial". This was advertised with no fine print. I cancelled my account within the free trial period. Interesting to see a few 1 star reviews coming on this page then some "fake" reviews pushing the low ones out
The 7 day free trial is a scam, as it requires you to subscribe before accessing any workout info or even seeing the app interface. Can not comment on the plans since I uninstalled after being required to subscribe literally 20sec after opening the app.
Says it's a free trial but still tries to get credit card details. Just a money grab taking advantage of COVID-19.
The 7 day free trial is only after you give them your credit card. Can't use any part of the app until you do. Sorry, but no. Uninstalled without using.
Why would you want me to commit before the 7 days trial. I hate when apps do this...
Installed it, first you notice that all information about payment (which I can easily find) only says that it's 7 days free. All real payments and plans are hidden somewhere you don't notice and register and get changed whatever big!!! I had seen so many scams like this to "whistle" when I see one. I am writing this for other costumers so they be aware, and to Google Play to take action if needed. THIS IS A BIG RED FLAG🚩 🚨Stay Away🚨 To Developers:Respect transparency for pay vs service
This is a scam. They are happy to charge you for service you don't want and refuse to refund you based on their fine print. Not a fitness app. Just a money making scheme.
I was immediate charged without free 7 days trial,, don't get that, luckily I had the one month option selected if it was the yearly subscription than that would had been a big problem for me
Imagine not refunding someone who isn't using the app and didn't realize they were being billed still.
I'm having an issue with my subscription can I get someone contact me from the app ASAP please?
I signed up for the free trial and was still charged after the 7 days even though I cancelled on day 6. I emailed about it and just received a response about how their terms and conditions do not allow 'refunds or credits for unused subscription periods, accidental purchases, medical conditions, or any similar reason or event.' none of which of these were my situation as I am aware that every service has to provide an opportunity to cancel, this basic rule was not followed for me!
Just another money grab, an annual subscription is nearltly £100...You could get an entire year's gym membership for that in a basic gym. YOU DO NOT need apps to get into shape! Utilise a consistent diet and workouts and you'll find that you have the power to do it all yourself.
Signed up for a free trial, but the app opens a subscriptions options page only; no noworkouts or other options or links
Please refund my money, I was not notified that the trial period was ending, and I do not want to use your product. My family needs that money during this time of crisis, please refund it!
Great app but was told 6 weeks was free during virus, billed anyway. Hard to make money in quarantine!
This app hasn't worked at all except for the first day I tried to use it I'm on the first free 6-week trial and I'm not getting anything for free it's just a big huge bug issue where it doesn't want to go on when I try to open it up it just loads and says please try again so here's the deal when 6 weeks is over if I haven't gotten the chance to use anything I'm getting ahold of my bank to dispute the charges otherwise you start this all over again for me and you make sure that the app works
I was charged the full subscription amount during the Cyber Week sale.
I was excited to try this app out after seeing the campaign for it. BUT £22.99 A MONTH IS RIDICULOUS.
No better than the chrome app. It's riddled with bugs such as videos won't re-play if you stop them just the once, no casting, no fav recipes, and it burns through mobile data like there's no tomorrow (1GB in one workout with videos paused, WTAF). Essentially useless as it stands. I'm going back to the chrome app. EDIT: this app has used all my allocated mobile data in just 2 weeks, also with several hundred MB in the background. I'm now deleting it. There's no excuse.
A big shot millionaire wants more money for something people get for free. No longer a hemsworth fan. SMDH.
Deceptive advertising. It says you get a 7 day free trial but it immediately pushes you into choosing which paid plan you want to use.
itna mehngaaa so much expensive no free version
EDIT: In response to the developer's response, I know how a free trial works. My point was - I believe you may have missed it - is that you were not transparent with that fact that this is a subscription service. Additionally, having to remember to cancel for a subscription can be tedious, and if I forget to cancel, I'm left with a bill and an app I paid for that I may not use. And this whole time they advertise it as if it is free...the only thing you'll get free of charge is a 7 day trial.
Horrible, I only wanted to trial this. I was affected by covid and forgot I had this and was charged for a year. I asked for a refund because I won't be using the services especially in these tough times and they said no.
I just saw the app is offering 6 weeks of free membership online try to download to get to offer. The only one available is 7 days no cool.
WARNING: They don't sent a notice of subscription renewal or even a receipt for payment. I had the yearly subscription and there was no reminder for me to cancel as ALL subscription services provide i.e. Amazon, Hello Fresh, etc. The only way I found out they took my money was when I looked at my bank account. They absolutely see nothing wrong with it and also DOWNRIGHT refuse to refund my money. Worst customer service. I am having my bank fight to refund my money.
Pay to llay
Make it free version and pro version, im not gonna pay for something idk if it works :)
It's not free.
Did not try it because not pay $120 year not in my budget
It was great until this Monday, where in I am enforced to subscribe everytime I login. Quite frustrating that IT team has not been able to resolve the issue. Will wait for my refund and cancel the subscription.
Did not initially say that it requires a subscription. NOPE!
Forced you to subscribe to a plan without knowing what I'm signing up for. Show me what I'm signing up for before you take my money...rookie mistake in business.
Won't even let you start the free trial without signing up for 40$ a month subscription in advance, scam
If you're a complete beginner wanted to like exercising then yea try it. Though dont expect to become Chris with this app. Better get you ass of the couch and spend money to your local gym or buy some basic equipment. Circulating same excersises since let's be honest, with no equipment at all you cant do much! Cannot amend the food list, functions not working. Cannot amend your fitness plan either. Not sure what's the apps purpose or target group but Defo not for Intermediate or advanced
The app never opens. I've even uninstalled and then downloaded it again. I can't even get a good idea of the app by using the free trial. Why would I waste my money on it if I can't even access it? No thanks.
Misleading! Liked the promo, nice vibe from main promo face, add said free, install, 7days free TRIAL... F*&#@&#!!!
Wow! Google supporting an app that rips off consumers by charging an annual subscription when they don't want to be. Poor poor. What's worse when they are alerted to it, they refer to the t&c's. Unbelievable, charge a whole year's worth for being 24 hour slow. Is this how Chris Hemsworth supports his lifestyle millions at Byron Bay. This company is not ethnical or really cares. I'm sure the response will be a standard one from here, just to prove the zero care factor. Update - confirmed.
I have had terrible problems with this app. It is constantly stopping during the workout videos and I get a error message saying this video cannot be played due to technical error. I contacted the help team about the issues and got an email back telling me how I can cancel my subscription which is not what I wanted to do, but looks like I am going to have no choice now. I advise to look into other apps as 5his one seems extremely buggy. I do hope they get this figured out in the future.
I attempted to cancel the subscription; when I was notified of a charge to my account anyways, I immediatly notified them and they refused to void the still pending transaction. They will be sure to quote their cancellation policy which will apply even seconds after their new "subscription period begins." And even in a global pandemic, they do not care - seems to be a very robotic company.
Is that a joke? How much?
Not great that you cannot try before you sign up to a membership. Put me off straight away. Chances are I would have signed up if I liked it. Shame.
Really disappointed with the support team, I had an account made without my knowledge and a subscription wfee was taken tried getting help to be refunded as i never made the account but they say they cannot refund as a free trial was not cancelled. Be careful with this if you get stung by a payment they won't help you
A paid subscription. That's not what superheroes do.
Read about the 6 week free trial due to coronavirus which let's face it was only to get free publicity and not to help anyone. Problem is I can't create an account get get a grey loading circle after inputting my name. Nevernind.
Not free
You can't even try the app without putting in your credit card.
The app itself is quite good actually, even excellent I'd say and I encourage its use. However, the one star goes to their hardline billing conditions, as though as it is set in stone. If you make an accidental purchase, or if you forgot to cancel your subscription before the trial ends, then there's no refund whatsover. This is not how you win customers, this is how you push them away. Now that I'm stuck with a subscription I no longer need, I'm definitely not renewing at the end of it.
This app is rubbish. I canceled my account and was still charged.
The app is alright but man do the terms suck. I downloaded it for the free trial to try it out, discovered it wasn't for me. Uninstalled the app and so clearly have not used it but realised I've been charged for almost 6 months with no chance at refund...
On the contract say 10 dollars a month for 1 year cancel any time, after I pay for the whole year anyway is not good that is why I'm still scared getting stuff in internet
Great app. I tried out the 6 week free trial and used the app for about 2 weeks. Now I'm no longer using it and got charged for 120 USD and there is nothing I can do about it. At least a notification telling me the free trial was about to end and I was going to pay for a full year would be nice.
SCAM Do not trust any positive reviews, this is a scam!
I just got charged again and it isnt letting me log on to see why they charged me again . i cancelled already and shouldnt have been charged.
Don't get it for more than a month. Meals and workouts get repetitive and are sometimes too complicated. Those workouts won't get you to look like Chris Hemsworth trust me. And their price is more expensive than my gym membership...
Just randomly stopped working. Won't let me log in
Not free!!!
This app is nice but the auto-renew feature and refund policy are pretty poor. I don't have time to use the app this year and forgot to cancel before the auto renewal. The company refused to refund the cancelation even though the purchase was made the same day. Basically, I'm stuck paying $120.00 for an app I won't use.
Ugh. App stopped working, and I lost all progress after reinstall. Not sure I can trust a subscription with this app, if it's not stable :( I like the exercises though, so it's a shame
they said 6 week is free but after install they show after subscriptions 6 week are free disgusting app
Dont risk the trial. You will be charged even if you cancel on time. Routines are good but the App doesn't work all the time.
I'm honestly very disappointed. Very repetitive workouts, if you did one workout with the same trainer you have almost done all workouts because they are very similar. I stopped using it after a month because I was doing almost the same every day. I wish I could get my money back
Signed up during the times gyms were closed. Couldn't use the trial period. Now the app is locked out. They even mentioned a 6 week trial I wasn't even able to get. Not good.
Workouts are good, but customer service is very poor , they are not even trying to understand the issue.
Free trial does not exist, its a fraud
It won't let me even sign up for the free trial, saying my Google and Yahoo emails are invalid.
Payment - registration with credit card !!!
They ask for your personal information to create the account and right after your Credit Card info. If you do not provide your CardInfo they refuse to delete your account. They keep your personal information and ask Cardinfo as ransom. This action is against GDPR and you should not trust them any of your info.
Christ said it's free for the first 6 weeks because of the virus. But it's not it's only 7 days. False advertising at its best.
Hey guys you can use my app for free for 6 weeks. But you gotta pay $120 rn to get it. Okay gotcha mf
Your pricing is too high and shouldn't require a credit card for the free trial. The app is linked to your username. Give us a free week, then require payment to continue.
I can't even see what the app is, without giving you a credit card. Uninstalled immediately.
I signed up for the 6 week trial and was billed for the entire $119. If I would have know I was just going to be billed I would have never signed up.
Shouldn't have to pay to live a happy healthy lifestyle.
Unable even to create a trial account and get past setup screens - just a cutesy "sorry we dropped a dumbbell" error message. Support, if you're reading this, don't bother with a reply. This does not bode well for a paid app; I've already uninstalled.
Signed up for the six week free trial they were advertising and ended up getting charged after 7 days. They refused to give me a refund. In the Instagram video posted by Chris Hemsworth he states that it is his app and never mentioned anything about the website. Very misleading.
Can not even sign up. Keeps saying they dropped the dumbbell try again shortly. Been like this for 5 days now.
If the only reason why anyone would pay way too much because it's Chris Hemsworth you must be hella gullible and love getting robbed. There are other free apps or pay fitness apps that cost 100x's less than this and does the exact same thing. For the daily diet there's thousands of diet plans on google that are free. It's not About how much you pay but how much time and effort you put into your routine, Don't get sucked into an app because of Thor save your money.
This app isn't that great, the monthly subscription price is ridiculous at $30 if you want to only want to opt for one month. You can get a much better experience from an app that you can pay for one time there are plenty on the Play Store such as progression, home workout, and many other body full body workouts that you can do at home do not pay $30 a month I'm a PT this app is developed by either banking on a celebrity to push it or is designed by a developer using a celebrity to endorse it
So much for this app helping Ozzies during these difficult and challenging times... The Centr app is by Chris Hemsworth: you (Chris) and the team behind this app should be ashamed for sneakily taking what little money people have.
Don't fall for this money grab. A good looking Hollywood guy is all he is. No doubt he works hard but so does everyone. This guy is training and eating on a multimillion dollar budget. Is he that greedy to prey on people who want to get in shape? I would never endorse something like this if I were him. Everything you need to get fit is free online with a little research. Being healthy is not something you pay a monthly fee to Chris Hemsworth for.
Yeah 6 weeks free but gimme your credit card first
Just disappointed its not free. The guy is a millionaire after all.
Requires an account AND SUBSCRIPTION before you can see what it offers. Automatic one-star review and removal from my phone. Want my money and info? Show me what I get for it first!
Terrible, they took £93 after I cancelled my free trial. They won't refund as they say I must read the T&C and it's my fault. I explained I ended the free trial before the money was taken. They say I purposely activated but I was making sure I ended the free trial. They responded with sending me screenshots of the T&C. Absolute con. Update refund received with thanks
Awful. Terrible. SUPPORT SOMEONE THAT CARES (NOT CENTR) Let me say first, that I don't write things like this often. People that are out there violently reacting usually don't have very balanced perspectives. But my experience in this case was not just bad, it was unjust, unfair, and dishonest. I signed up for the free trial of Centr. It's a good app, but I decided the price wasn't worth it for me. So I cancelled it on the day I needed to (August 31 for reference). My card was still charged for $127. No matter how hard I try I can not get a refund. I don't care how good the app is, these guys are obviously out to make a dollar. They don't care that they are cheating me out of money. But it's not just me. By ignoring me, they prove that they care less about humanity and more about padding their own pockets. Until I receive proof that Centr actually cares about the people they claim to serve 1 star is the best I can do. Zero stars would be more appropriate. Support someone that cares, not these guys.
I couldn't get the 7 day free trial to work. Downloaded, opened app, it asked me my fitness goals, I clicked "lose weight" and then it asked me for my money. Seriously? What happened to the 7 day "free" trial part? How am I supposed to try it out for free? Pretty sure that is termed a "subscription trap" and is frowned upon by the Better Business Bureau. Wouldn't be surprised if Christy Himsmurf or whatever her name is never gave permission to use her name.
مزخرفه
I cannot use aa i have to pay subscription fee even the free trial as i do not have credit catd or any money of any sort that is what kids will have to deal with
Why are all the workouts by random people and not Chris Hemsworth. I thought it was meant to be Chris leading the personal training 😥 I was hoping to stay motivated by joining Chris in workouts not some random other train.
Lack of transparency. I searched free and got paying app for a rich actor to reap my pennies. Greedy sod
It doesn't let me sign up for the free trial. I enter my first and last name and it says that there is an error, I should try again later. It has been going on for 2 days.
In the app says you get a 7 day free trail with the charge only applying after the free trail. When actually you have to pay first. Really wanted to try the app out.
No integration payment with Play Store. Nope.
How do we sign up to get the free 6 weeks?
Cant even create an account to login. Yet another app that was advertised and rushed to completion that doesnt work.
Dam! Was hoping it was free! 😔 Urghhh. The 7 day trail isn't going to get me fit. Anyways, Deleted now
No thanks Iike free workouts just download home workout no equipment, thanks.
Sorry Chris too expensive due to covid-19 and our family (2 of us) run cafe being closed.
SPAM...not free ! You have to put your credit card info..it says 6 weeks free....not cool
Advertised that they would provide a six week free trial. Instead of providing the advertised trial period, I get a charge for a full year subscription after only one week.
7-day-old try workout is a scam. Don't sign up for it at all.
I have installed the app but this is not accepting my Rupay Debit card in India. I haven't been able to try the workouts because of this.
7 days free in not actually a free
Like others are saying the app is very buggy. I'm on day three of my 7-day trial and I still can't use the app. Had to create an account on my laptop after the app failed. With the account created I hoped I could log into the app on my S9+...but still no luck. Guess I'll stick with Nike Training Club.
Shady business practices.. Do a Google search before signing up for FREE anything.
Scammed out of 130. Emailed support with no response in 3 weeks. Don't download
Immediately requests all your info and credit card just to try it. No thank you.
What a huge disappointment I'm left with - I got in touch with you on the last day of cancellation before you guys charged the money from my account, asking you guys to help me cancel my subscription all together, and not pull any money from me - no help received, and the money still got pulled. This leaves me feeling scammed - quite contrary to the initial 'generous' free-trial offer of you guys wanting to 'help' people out during this COVID-19 lockdown period. Very shocking and disappointing.
Signed up the 6 week trial but used it twice. No email too say the trial was coming to an end instead they charge the account. Understand this is more likely in their terms and conditions but looking at the other comments I am not the only one that is not happy with this. Offer a free trial to seem all sympathetic to the current situation but knowing people will forget to cancel, dont give warning and then take their money, more like taking advantage of this situation.
Dont like that you seem to have to buy a month's sub first - and can then cancel after 7 days... Why not free 7 days and then click buy after that 😦
Watch the terms and conditions . I did the 7 day free trial and it automatically subscribed me for 12 Months at the end of the trial. I have contested this however, apparently this talented Hollywood actor who endorses this needs more money! Unless you want to pay I advise you to steer well clear of this app.
Riddled with bugs. App constantly crashes. Everything resets when turning phone around. Sounds stupid but you paying for an app by a hemsworth but no where to be seen in any training videos i watched or routines so if your after it for that purpose don't bother.
Forget about paying
Was a great app and service, until I tried to cancel and would constantly send me in circles to the sign up page (even though I was already signed up) and would then say to cancel my subscription through Google play (was not coming up on my subscription list) so I have now been charged for the subscription that I cannot afford and still no closer to unsubscribing and claiming a refund. Massive let down.
Warst app
Downloaded last week on pixel 3a. Tried 3 times to create account, just keeps "dropping dumbells". Ill try a reinstall and update if anything changes
It can be not for free for 6 week
Don't say its free then automatically ask for payment details. Oh no mate.
Costs too much. Not worth it.
Wont let me cancel but still charges me for sub. Terrible.
Money grabbing scam that redirects you to free websites. Just search on google and you can find all this stuff free.
Took $127.49 out of my account that I couldn't afford. No option to switch to month to month, and can't find a way to contact anyone. And the work outs are way to strenuous on my knees so I can't do them if I wanted!
Really not worth it as someone with an appreciable fitness background. Functional training workouts are good, but Torre workouts are repetitive and stale, focus too much on legs and overall the program is cookie-cutter, not very adaptive. I actually lost strength and some size in my three months on the program (used it through browser because the app wasn't out). It is a good for weight loss, toning up (maybe) or just starting, but not built for gaining muscle. Food is expensive.
Hard to navigate - difficult to find where to contact for help. I sent an email asking to cancel my subscription 2 mins after my 7 day trial ended asking to cancel as it is hard to figure out how to do so on the app and they refuse to refund me.Horiblr customer services
Having the hardest time getting my refund, Centr customer service keeps saying Google play bad to process it when it is the developers responsibility to do so, all they have done is pass the ball and not take responsibility to process the refund. I love the app but since they were offering the 6 week free trial 2 days after I signed up I figured they would be good and let me cancel whilst all this crazy pandemic is going on. Now i had to create an appeal through Google play to try and get it.
Totally misleading. Chris Hemsworth is not part of the videos like it appears before you get the app. And worse, when I wrote to ask for a refund because my 11 and 16 year old kids didn't want to do it because he was not part of the program. They said "NO". I signed up my children thinking that he would inspire them. Honestly things are not easy right now and for an actor who makes millions to say "NO REFUNDS", it's upsetting.
STILL CHARGED EVEN THOUGH SUBSCRIPTION CANCELLED I signed up for the free trial, how ever was still charged 7 days later. I have contacted Centr how ever yet to recieve an email.
Why day it has in app purchases when you MUST subscribe after a short trial. These are FREE TRIALS, not in app purchases!
I thought this app was free for the first month. That's why I downloaded it in the first place. However after only having it 7 days I have been charged 29.99€. Like many people, I am stuck in quarantine and unable to go to work to earn money. I have 3 kids here and not even had a chance to use this app once before being charged so not happy at all.
No way to DELETE your account! Massive breach of privacy! Emailed them to ask to delete account - no response in more than a week. I work in IT, and no matter how good/bad/helpful the app is - if you can't sort out your data privacy/maintenance/retainability and deletion policy it is not worth it. Pretty poor on behalf of developer and bad oversight on behalf of Chris and his team. Takes one big data leak to bring all of this down.
The app isn't working! It always says 'Network connection lost.' Please fix this issue right away! The programs are great but I need to be able to access it through the app on my phone. I don't want to use the browser.
Does not work for me
I thought it was free for 6 weeks. I'm getting charged after a one week trial. Sorry, I'm wanting to delete my account.
I installed app, but shortly understood that it doesn't fit for me, so I decided to cancel subscription, but I didn't found how to do this via app, link in FAQ crash program!!!
I got the app for free trial. I canceled one day late and had 3 months charged. I wrote them at that to ask for reimbursement of all or at least 2 months. I lost my job 2 days later due to the pandemic. I wrote them again and asked for reimbursement of $65 because I needed it now to pay bills etc. Never heard back.
Purely from the subscription side which is a disaster
Paid for a subscription and the app won't even open. Keeps saying "sorry I dropped a dumbbell." Have been trying to open this app all day to start a program but I can't even start. Waste of money.
update: so I signed up and tried the app, but just couldn't get into the workouts. enjoyed the meditation though. so I cancelled, but I still see I've been billed for three one year! 🙁 -‐------------------- Cant use free 7 day trail without signing up for a 1, 3, or 12 month subscription! I download with the intent to try it for 7 days to see if I liked it, but I don't like that it forces you into a subscription before you get to try it!
There is nothing free..so itss useless for me..🙏
Keeps saying Network Lost, my phone has perfectly good wifi.
$30 a month
Hard to navigate, cluttered app and they won't stop emailing me (unsubscribed several times before reporting as spam)
Okay I subscribed for the free 6 weeks. Now Im pissed, locked out of my account, cant sign in unless I use older account info and then its asking me to sign up again. What is going on? I still have 3 weeks left if not more. This is not cool at all.
Couldn't even get to the download part despite interest because even though it says it only takes 6MB it requires me to clear out 144MB of space before it will allow download. I had no issue downloading a different app. Not entirely sure why it says 6MB when it's clearly a lot more.
Need money to use it.. very expensive
Too expensive
This app literally cannot be used unless you start paying for a subscription. Even the free trial requires you to enter your credit card info, which will be charged after the time of the free trial is up.
Cannot even "try 7 days before buy" it's sign up for paid plan then 1st 7 days free
I do not recommend using this app.
This app is a fraud ! They send me invite for 6 months free trial and then imidilatly they charge me subscription free 😤. Give me back my money !
Really upset that there is currently no casting option for Google Chromecast. I'm reading through reviews and there looks to be something in the works, but we'll see.
Crashes every time I click "log in". The content itself (in the browser version) is nice, but seriously, if you're charging for subscribtion at least develop a working app, so people will have a proper experience. I guess they just developed this for iOS and tried to just port it for Android, instead of actually developing an app.
Couldn't login immediately after setting credentials. Frustrating at 6 a.m.
no free option
Shame on this company. I signed up online for the 6-week trial and canceled through the app within my trial period, but was still charged for years subscription because I didn't cancel online. Read the fine print everyone! This company is sneaky!
App charges credit card before free trial ends
Work outs are good. I am at advance level. My reason for the one star is that the app doesn't work very well on Mac laptops, iPad, or Android phones. Yes I tried trouble shooting. There isn't much description of the movements either. No constant coaching just doing. And sometimes the videos keep going and going until you make it change next.
Do not use this app or business. I have been unable to have my account deleted. They say to send my details but I have already done that at least six times. Definitely not putting them in this review. Deleting an account should be simple but that's not the case with Centr. Once they have your details, they have them forever unless you are in the UK. The recent offer of a temporary free membership was nothing more than a phishing expedition.
Signed up for a subscription after seeing an article about a six week trial period during this covid 19 quarantine. After 7 days my card was charged the 29.99 because I signed up through the app and not on their website.
Giving one star as there is no way to delete your account. Contacted support and they said they only erase all hold data for clients from UK. Beware of your sign up there is no way to get all your data deleted. The app never worked well on my android. Support response : "However, we are unable to permanently remove all your data from our system" Now support doesn't reply at all anymore!!!
The customer service is horrendous. Tried to cancel last year and was told it would be. Then got charged again this year and they will not refund. Very disappointed
Not able to review the app, because it requires to fill-in a way of being charged in order to enter the trial period. I do not like giving such sensitive data if I am not to use the app for certain.
You still need to put the credit card in to get your "6 weeks in" this is probably not Hemsworth but the app devs
Um... App says 7 day free trial, but after creating an account, it insists on you signing up for a membership before getting to do anything or see if it's worth sending credit card information... The response given confirms this is the practice. Uninstalling. Best of luck. I'm not taking the risk. Thanks anyways.
Not worth it
I was soooo excited to finally be able to have access to a gym and recommit to gym due to the sad fact that I now have a fupa. Download this app a few days back but never subscribed, it worked just fine asking for money. I will warn you, the moment I added my subscription I closed the app and drank some water to get myself into "Cardo mode". I attempted to open the app and it stated "Oops we dropped the dumbbell". This occured for an hour. Only way to unsubscribe is via email. Waste of time app
Way to expensive! Why charge so much for people to better themselves? Just for the standard option is 30 dollars a month. To much for me!
I don't want to pay the £22:99 a month and I cannot see where to cancel before the free trial ends . Please advise. I tried going to the Google store subscription to cancel but the app is not listed and on the app I cannot see where it says settings
Cancelled subscription before 7 day free trial ran out, still got charged $120 subscription
Would not let me log in half of the time even tho I used the right password, forgot about it and was tricked into paying $100 for an app that pretends to be charitable by giving you 6 weeks free. Awful.
I just wish it were free. Like he earns enough money by himself, so why make it cost money. Some of us don't have the funds to pay for it
Can't even access the 7 day trial without paying the subscription. I thought there was a 6 week trial due to covid 19.
If you had your own gym this app would be unreal. You could play the app on a big TV and use your exercise equipment. If you do not own a boxing bag, bench, cable machine, sandbags, dumb bells and bench DO NOT BUY THIS APP. Instead, buy a home workout app that does not involve equipment or gives you a planner to use in the gym.
Hi I recently emailed about a problem of mistakenly charging me 95.99 A$ but no body replied. Please do help me out. Kind regards Abhi
I really wanted to use the app. but it doesnt let me creat account. Seems it doesnt work in my country. so please do not say "every where you are" in your advertisement! sadly I have to uninstall it.
Do not forget to cancel your free subscription. They will take as much as they can from you, if you forget and won't give you it back! Terrible customer service skills. Pre recorded videos, no personal interaction. Just the same people doing shortened down videos.
Well - you can't just launch a new app and not have a no charge trial period even it's for 2days. Your 7-dsy trial after I give my credit card, isn't the same. No thanks even if this features Chris.
A bit too douchey.
Make it free
I have installed the app on March 28, and I could only see the 7 day free trial on the app. Left a question on the IG post, but no response at all. I have the screenshot where I asked the question on IG. I can send to you if needed. Thanks I don't get to see an option for 6 week free trial as he promotes. Is it because of my location?
Ridiculous. The price is astonishing. 7 days free bye bye.
HI, I downloaded this to try out in lockdown. I've got two torn ACLs so have to be specific about what exercises I do. I would also expect a reminder that the service is about to charge a subscription, nod now they won't return my money. This is theft as I do not want this service. I will be taking this further.
Price is ludicrous Installed, saw price, uninstalled
Trashh
I think they are asking too much (regarding price).
Stilt app
I cancelled my subscription before covid and it still charges my account. We are struggling and they take money from us. Not cool.
The free trial led to an auto subscription i did NOT want
It won't let me register. I reinstalled it and still doesn't work. Quite disappointing.
Don't sign up for the free trial ! They charge a $25 despite cancelling. No luck in good customer service when raised a complaint. Highly disappointed
I was charged 2months subscription and I have not got this app installed nor have I ever used it. I want my money returned ASAP. I have made a complaint to Google Play however I am yet to receive any reply!
Should be a free version or make us buy the app not download it and sign up to realise you have to pay £22/month
Wish I could utilizes this with my membership... but it won't even let me log into the app... keeps telling me to try again later 🙄
Charged me $60 in one day when I tried to cancel my subscription. Very poor and wouldn't reccomend.
Terrible to not have an alarm when your 6 week trial is coming to an end and then bang say seeya to $95
Careful. they show you "pricing" by month and by year...but no where it says clearly that you will actually get charged for entire year at once while singing up..unless you read all the terms and conditions.
Hi I downloaded the app from the Google store I'm in the UK I don't want to pay the £22:99 per month cannot afford it. I tried going to the Google store subscription part and the app is not listed and I cannot see the settings on your app please advise. Best wishes Patrick
Money taken after free trial, no customer service when requesting a refund. Have to cancel bank card as they can take the money every month if they want to as they have bank details. Avoid
Terrible customer service. Their website FAQ says they will reply within 24 hrs. Expect a week. I forgot to turn off auto renew because I was busy getting laid off from my job and trying to survive through a pandemic. When I implored them to help, they said too bad I should have read the terms and conditions. So, don't expect kindness from this company. Since I'm being forced to subscribe, I figured I should use it, but the app crashes randomly. Such garbage.
This is kinda scam you don't get any notification regarding the deduction after the trial period and they take the money without your consent. I opted for 6 week trial period I didn't get any notification regarding its ending period and when i saw there was a deduction of an year payment... really bad experience didn't expect this to be like this when ambassador is a big start like Chris Hemsworth
I joined a gym that doesn't charge that much. I expected $15 to $20 for an app that is a coach acceptable, but because of the name on the front you can charge what you want I suppose, you can charge this. 🐃
Bad, I tried millions of time to get my 6 weeks free trial I followed all instruction within the expiring time, but it kept saying error, and when I contacted customer service they refused to get me the free trial since I emailed them the day after the expiry fate of the promo. Really bad!!
This app is not suitable for people who suffer obesity and they say it's for all types of levels.
Not free anything
I wasnt able use it based off of not having time because of isolation....I know ironic. I cancelled days ago and was still charged even though my trial is until June 10th. Im confused. On top of that I can not find an option to cancel so i wont continue to get charged. I can even find a help option. Not sure if my issues are due to using a mobile browser but either way YIKES. Im sure this promotion was issued with the best of intentions. Make sure youre ready before you accept a "Free" trial
I've never been so disappointed in an app. While the app itself may be decent, the people behind it only care about a profit. During a pandemic, when people are struggling and thoughts are elsewhere, this company will take money swiftly and leave a "too bad so sad" response. Be warned, you don't get alerted on upcoming payments like I've seen many apps do and if you respond right away saying there was an error you'll get nothing but copy and paste. Thanks alot guys, glad your doing so well.....
Nothing free
Wouldn't stop charging me, I've been emailing their 'hello email address no one responds! I've given up on getting my money back. , I just want it to stop! Edit: I don't have any responses from you, thats why I've emailed multiple other times. Please email me again or respond to either my yesterday or today's email. Thank you. Edit 09/09 - You've charged me again.! I'd strongly advise against getting this app. Its impossible to get out of.
Don't download, unless you want to be ripped off. Shady app and practices.
It's basically an Ad to get you pay for subscription.. Sham
Won't let you trial without entering payment info, and makes no mention of whether you can cancel free of charge within trial period.
The workout is very scattered. There is no balance at all. Many of the workouts have unequal reps and there is one that only did the left side but no right side. It's hard to focus or follow through. The recipe look easy enough, but I have not yet tried. I won't renew after a free trial though.
Huh.
Why we should pay any amount when we don't even know what's in it...is it beneficial or not...how could we know
An overpriced example of an unoriginal exercise app that is a favourite for the more money than sence crowd
Hot🔥 Garbage🗑️
This is probably my least favorite workout app I've tried so far. The workout videos are really sub par. The instructions for exercises feel rushed and the trainers are just not that engaging. They feel really disconnected from their product, almost like they had to do it quickly to just get it over with. The exercise pool is also incredibly limited and focus heavily on equipment so if you're like me and only have dumbells, you'll quickly run out of routines.
Be 'mindful' of their subscription terms they will charge you for a full year if you forget to cancel, refuse any refund and give you a robotic response, very poor service.
You should have more intensity the "game" is SO bad I can't even orgasm MY FINGERS HELP ME ORGASM FASTER THAN THIS.
I hate it
Sucks
bosnt work
I was just trying to downlode a ps4 vibrate app because my controller is having a asthma attack and i see the dang review and i see a freak she saying all about her plesures like damn i just need a dang app to help me with my problem with my remote not no thing to stick up a persons but hole .
It didn't Work
Does absolutely nothing but spawn ads
It doesn't work.
Lame
Didn't even get me wet
dosen't work
It's garbage. Dont install this app.
It was awful
It dont work
infinate time is not so infinate
Dosent work
sucks
Advertise is worst thing on this app, It make this app so useless. Waste of time
Hate it
Constant ads, can turn screen off while using it, worst piece of trash app EVER!!!
It sucks the vibration is to short
Doesn't work at all.
Complete waste of time i want my money back
Make it even stronger
I wanna die
Vibrations are weaker than anything i've tried and you get ads interrupting every 5 seconds.
So many ads
None
This has no intensity nor vibrations
10 seconds before it asks for a rating, and then you have to watch an ad before turning it back on.
doesent work...
Sucks
didn't really work
I would give this 0 stars it did not work at all i hate this app
Dose not work
My phone did not vid at all
I got the feeling but there's so much ads
sucks
A bad sextoy
I feel like this app is very sexist as men can use a vibrator too😡😡😡😡😡😡😡🤠
It doesn't work. :/
Sucked really bad.. Don't waste ur time downloading this app
Ok
this was the worst app ever, I suggest that if you want something that feels really nice use an electric tooth brush, put it on the miniture man looking part of your you know what. . . . and than tell me what you think.
Ew
Do absolutely nothing doesn't even vibrate
TOO MANY ADS!!! 😠😡😡🤬 -5 stars
Hate it. If i could give a negative 100 than i deffinetly would. Dont waste your time and storage! I
Idk what this is
ads and lack of intensity just by moving my hand left and right i can emit stronger vibration
When i tried to get it to do its thing, it wasnt working at all.
I'm a boy
Mhm
Keep showing ads, doesn't do as advertised ie vibrate
Fake app
Uh, even as a virgin. The vibration is still nothing compared to humping on a pillow... Disappointing.
It didn't do anything
Lmao found my mom using this, she needs a new husband
Sie funktioniert zwar, aber es bringt nichts.
I've read all the coments and ew, I thought it was for massaging the tight spots on your body, BUT NOPE!
Not a good app at all!
doesnt work
How i use this app
Don't intall . Harming app
Trash
It's so bad, the vibration is not good at all. and the adds -_- .DON'T GET THIS APP
Doesnt DO ANYTHING
Bad
Negative star. Continual ADS interrupt every 2 seconds & stops the vibration each time; very annyoing. Not recommended. Uninstalled.
A bad sex toy, so weak and many ads
Ads this app suck and its no vibrator
The ads r stupid and show up ever 5 minutes the vibration is horrible and just not intense enough plus its a little to loud for my taste i like to be able to do public play and i think using a actual 16 dollar toy would probably be more worthy of ur time if ur just starting out with sexual activity and or r a 18 + virgin this would probably be pretty okay to start with but id recommends the endless massager for android if ur going to use ur phone anyway,uninstalling
Doesn't work
No vibration fix it please.
Y is this an app
Doesn't work at all didn't do anything but play ads
U peeps horny asf lol I ain't even download it shi i ain't desperate 😝
If you phone have a strong vibration don't get this app
Terrible. End of story.
Weak vibration
Doesn't work
inappropriate
Weak not effective i didn't climax
Why is this rated for teens?
THIS GAME WONT EVEN UNDOWNLOAD PLEASE HELP!
Bad
Muchos anuncios, no dejan disfrutar
Too many ads 😑
Not good
It just doesn't work, app is full of typos and you can't go 5 seconds without an ad
This is horrible the vibration makes too much noise and is not smooth
5t
terrible
There's no vibration, same thing as when your phone goes off
I DID NOT MAKE ME SQUIRT EVEN ONCE
The ads make it borderline useless. every time you want to change the settings and loud or ad pops up that plays music and video. There's no way to use this app discreetly because of the ads
It doesn't fell go at all I had it on for 10 minutes
Onestly it was horrible the vibrations were week and. When i put the levels up it rarely did change
Not a good app and I would never have set it out the way it is
Did nothing
It's bad does not pleasure you
BAD
Bs
the hair cutting app is better. this app goes off every 3 seconds. SUCKS plus I'm not not paying for upgrade. then my husband will truly know what I'm done F that. but does that mean it will work. FIX IT NOW. someone not for shoulder pain👌😘😎
Don't download this app. This is worst app on store
Fake app
I came home with a aching body today and decided to go find something to help and then came across this. This app sucks, when I went on it nothing happened, and those who may come at me like "maybe you didn't do it right" it shouldn't be that hard to go on a app that gets your phone to vibrate.
It isn't vibrating at all for my phone and if it did it would get a decent review
It has too many ads and it doesn't vibrate at all
Horrible
It doesn't even work.
Ad shows up every 2-3 seconds when I just downloaded, stick with these reviews, dont download. Only 5 different vibrations and arent strong enough.
Lots of Ads. Made phone glitchy.
Unusable with all the adds
Dosent work if your horny girls get a vibrator or a man. Dont use your phone and waist your time.
Nothing but ads
it doesn't work
This app sucks I tried to use it and it kept turning on and off on and off do to how many abs there are like a tease. it's ridiculous don't use this app for the sake of ur own va-jayjay
It is wack It don't vibrate strong enough and its full of ads
Absolutely rubbish, I just wanted some sex then it didn't even work. DON'T GET THIS APP!!! 😈
Does nothing
Doesn't work
Doesn't work. To many ads for something that doesn't even work. If I could give 0 stars I would.
Hope you like ADS
Im a 14 year old boy why did i try this
Terrible
It doesn't work
Weak af
Buttons barley work for me don't download it's a mistake
Does nothing
The app didnt even work I wish I could give a 0 star rating and sorry to the people who actually like this app.
Rubbish
how did it made you squirt?
The vibration isn't even that good and it's just not good
it vibrates but when i put it up to me i dont feel anything i feel it vibrating but it doesnf feel good
I dont know how to use it, it wont work. Im pressing the play button thing and it wont vibrate.
punyeta k!!! napakahina!!! para lang sa mga makakati podai yan!! walang silbi!!!
It sucks DON'T GET THIS APP
Im never touching yalls phones again 🤡
It did not work at all did not also live up to exception
I gave this app 1 star!! If it worked than that would be a different story but it dont do anything and I have a brand new phone PLUS it only goes up to 5 on my phone
I'm A guy
This is not good for using massaging!!
It sucks
bad
Ridiculous amount of ads! Can't do anything!!
Love how strong it does but pop ups non stop
What The? I didn't even download this app! I'm 12 and it i searched "games" Then it started to download this!
Doesn't even work, turned it all the way up and nothing happened
Nope...just no
holy moly oo god iam begging for ur forgiveness. now i feel like my phone is kinda dirty.
TRASH
So bad
It was awful. You open the app, it imminently forces you into an unskippable ad. Then when you can get into it, you only get a limited amount of options. Most of what I assume is the actual good options are hidden behind paywalls, which is ridiculous for a vibration app. And half the screen was taken by an unremovable ad. Don't waste your time even downloading it all. If I could give it less than one star, I would have
Doesn't work. Don't download this
Doesn't feel like the real deal!
It doesn't vibrate
Tf is wrong wid yall people
Terrible
Way to many adds
Ads make it unusable
i only squirted once -~-
Vibrate is not very strong would not even turn on my gf or even stimulate her idk what the purpose of this is but I'd stick with an actual toy
Not strong enough
Not satisfied ...
Adds kept inturupting and the vibrations were way to low
I was looking at the reviews and I was like that can't be true.....BUT NOW I SEE ITS TRUE!!!! IT'S NOT STING AND I HAVEN'T FELT ANYTHING WTH! FOR ANYBODY WHO THINKING OF GETTING THIS IT'S A WASTE IF SPACE ON UR PHONE.. DON'T INSTALL IT~JAYLA
Weak The vibrations arent that intense even on max and the ads are annoying i dont wanna be reminded of Raid Shadow Legends.
Terrible too many ads
it wouldn't let me play
Not hardcore
Not good. Who told you this was good?
Charged me for a premium adfree subscription without my consent.
Did nothing!! I tried to put it down there and it says you can but I kept it there for 30 minutes and felt nothing. I am getting more wet writing this than I did in those 30 minutes
Eh
Really ads? 5 add with I'm 3 mins.....you can't do anything.
couldn't get it to work lol
Just. No
Unless don't even download
Worst
Sucks ass
Didn't work at all.
not powerful
Worst app ever
It's not working
It's not strong enough and I want it to really make my legs shake and it don't give me an orgasm
Bruh, how am i gonna make this a vibrator? I cant shove my phone up my a$$
Makes a weird sound and has a bunch of ads
No
It doesn't work one bit
Teribble wast of time weak don't download it
The vibrations aren't strong and ads show up every 5 seconds! Definitely don't recommend this app
Doesn't vibrate
Did not even work. Honest trash i did not get wet or finger myself during this nothing happened I'm so mad know because i was really excited to get wet and finger myself and have sex with my bae but it's trash so...
Vibration is too short,no tutorial,lots of typos.
Too many ads
Complete waste of space. Totally unuseful. Bye Felicua geesh
The vibe was real bad and it almost woke my bro my walls are paper thin.
uh... cant even get it to one page without an ad first thing... un install
It litterally does NOTHING! It says it's a strong vibrater. But ita not. I had it on $!%@$ for 10 min and didnt feel good what so ever. This app SUCKS! Dont get it. It's a waste.
Horrible
Worst
did not work
It won't even vibrate on my phone, granted, it could just be my phone model, but it wouldn't do anything no matter what I tried.
Ads ads ads.
I hated it It didn't make me feel good
I need stronger
Crassshhh
No
I made a purchase of 15 patrons by accident while using it and now I can't get it refunded complete waste of time :( and they just took my money
Too many ads
Eh
Doesn't do anything
Very much Ads 😤
Didn't help at all. Needs to be more intense :( now im h0rny and disappointed
Muchas apps, cuando iniciaba el masaje intentaba apagar la pantalla de mi celular (qra evitar oprimir algo por error), pero dejaba de vibrar y la interfaz es muy fea (los colores, la de ubicación y tamaño de los botones, la tipografía... Todo era poci agradable).
Not pleasing at all
Ew
The intesity is to low and way to many ads
Trash
Will not accept my mailing address so it will not setup appointment. 1/18/21.
Really poor app. 3 days and still unable to get to reservation site. Downloaded app on my tablet installs and opens, but wont accept logins of registered patient
Won't open
Useless. The only two 5-star ratings are probably from the developers, because no one else has been able to use this app. I signed up online for my parents and then I downloaded and attempted to sign in on the app. Log in information is correct, but when I try to log in, the app flashes a protocol error message and sits there uselessly. At this time, this app is useless and don't waste your time with it. Sign up on the main website on a web browser.
Doesn't work
Android app doesn't work at all -- can't even get into it. Says My password is wrong --but isn't
Failed login attempts. Can log in on the computer just fine, just not on this app.
fails and logs me out completely out before loading gets to 100%. pathetic roll out
Can't login
I downloaded the app for my mom to sign up for the covid vaccine but it doesn't update info at all. Address doesn't update and area code keeps defaulting to canada. When I search for the available opening, location search brower is not working. It's frustrating.
Unable to enter address, which prevents making an appointment.
This app is a total waste of time. Gives you login screen and after you enter info gives you an error message that MIGHT be meaningful for the developer. I would be ashamed to put this app in the Google Play Store. U
Will not allow login.
Wish they tested the app before introducing it to the public. Couldn't sign in. Waste of time
Tried to enter app site with known name and password and just kept getting error message.
I can't log-on. I registered on the webaite with my laptop, but I can't log-on using this app.
can log in but app will not let me enter address (after submit it does not save and address remains blank). and without address appointment booking cannot find clinics.
Awful app. Downloaded, uninstalled and re-downloaded 3 times and still can't login. Website login works. Apps keeps errorrng out.
App will not connect. Downloaded, opened, logged in, 53% then shows an error message. Uninstalled and reinstalled, same effect.
Does not work
I am using an android phone. The app downloads but the it only offers log in not new member. I have a username and password which I know is active but it won't open stating some kind of mobile problem. No further info offered. It wouldn't be an issue but I have to log on to set my second injection appointment. The app leaves one in the lurch.
Worst app ever, why did they roll it out when it doesn't work. Can't log in at all!
Can not enter address info to look for an appointment. Wont use my gps either its just blank and non responsive.
Not able to sign in through Android app but can on Apple app. Needs lots of work.
Does not allow login...spits up error codes.
Does not work.
Can't get in!....information in.....freezes...
This app was written by morons
Cannot open the app, even just 1 time
Doesn't work. I can log in on website but CANNOT log in on app. Trying again.
Worst app i have ever used. I can not enter address to search for available facilities. Total waste of time
Such a pathetic app. Doesn't even work; login page doesn't recognize/accept users' registered email addresses nor passwords. The company, who was contracted by OC and commissioned the creation of this app, are frauds & scammers. Get better developers and coders for this app. You think they had the simple logic to consider the population size of OC and use that number to then account for the influx of people & what to expect. A waste of space on my phone, a waste of time downloading this app.
The app does not work.
App won't allow log in
App will not open at all.
Unable to log in even after multiple attempts. Cannot judge the rest of the app without getting access.
It will NOT take my address. It keeps giving me another address in my city. So much for address update.
Error on login, a lot of hype over a non functional app
Terrible app cant log on. Keep getting an error message. Who developed this app?
Unlike Iphone users, Android users cannot scroll down to "scheduled appointment". Additionally, even after entering home address, site will not save. Please Help!!!
Doesn't work. API error. Really disappointed.
App is useless. So much incompetence...CEO really needs to get this app working ASAP because he's really dropping the ball and putting people's lives at risk
Won't accept the username and password I have created on the website. Just throws an error
This app was not ready for release. Why is it Apple could get theirs to work, but not Google. When will the next version be released? People need this app to work.
Can't input address. Can't change country
Not really functional.
G. D. App won't take my mailing address it's worthless!!!
Only works on IPHONE and NOT ANDROID. I feel bad for the older individuals that don't have access to any kind of smart phone and can't get appointments.
Can't login. Change my password because it says it's incorrect, still won't login. Gives weird message.
Truly useless. Now I can update my location, but I am unable to schedule an appointment. It doesn't allow me to change the date to find an appointment.
Entered correct user name and pass word on adroid phone, but, nothing happened.
Android version does not work! I really hope our tax dollars didn't pay for this. People are dying! Uninstalled and reinstalled. Won't retain address info so can't find vaccination sites with 25 miles.
Doesnt work it saya session expired.
An app that's supported to help save lives is completely worthless. I don't know why the county chose to entrust our lives to this debacle.
Receiving a 500 response error when trying to login. Username and password works on the website.
I am able to login but the app is unable to receive my address or use my location on my phone. I still can't make an appointment... The app was release far to early and there are many bugs....
Downloaded it on my Android, doesn't work. Can't log in.
Does not run
Doesn't work
Cannot even log in
When I enter my login and password it will not allow me in
Useless application, I have been trying for days to register and nothing happens.
Terrible. Can not log in. Error message after entering my email and password. I have made attempts for the past two days. I was expecting a positive outcome using this app. Sadly disappointed since I am hoping to get the vaccine as soon as possible.
Error on login, very disappointed, simply lacks the ability to function, info updates like address does not stick so locations cannot be found. The worst app I have ever seen. It really rates a minus 5.
won't allow me to login.
Terrible app. Never logs in and returns an error every time. Not sure what is wrong, but not ready for prime time.
An absolutely worthless app. How did this developer get the contract from the Orange County Public Health Department? What was the cost to the taxpayers?
Doesn't work. Login crashed. A joke, a cruel one at that.
Can't even log in. This app is useless. Developers should be ashamed of releasing this because it's clearly not ready.
Just incomplete. Does not function like the iPhone one. Fix it!!
Can't log in, get a weird pop up message
Terribly designed app. Irresponsible to even list it on the play store. Made an account online, but unable to log in. Downloaded app on my pixel but it will not allow me to add an address. Because no address is selected for me, it says my profile is incomplete and doesn't show anything in the appointment page because it's blank and doesn't allow me to type it in.
Fails to open and gives no insight as to problem.
Crashed won't open after log in info typed. Gives error
Will not accept my address keeps changing my phone # from USA to Canada.
I created a login through the website. The login gets an error code on the app. The login still works via the website but says I'll be emailed when eligible for the vaccine, and yet when I registered it told me I am eligible already (am a healthcare worker). I am completely unable to register for a vaccine time. -Android user-
Vaccines good. App bad
Thus app is a joke. It does not work.
I can not log in.
No way to choose anything but current date
wont let me sign in. it seems like this app only has been working for those with iPhones. please fix asap
Doesn't work. Won't let you log in. Poorly implemented and designed.
This app only works on iPhones! Installed it on my Android and can't get past the login screen.
Had to put one star, or else it would have received a zero. I keep getting dropped. Unable to make an appointment after 5 days, multiple tries per day.
Can't get past the login screen. Can log in on the web, so i know user name and pw are correct. Apple app is working, and those are the only people getting appointments. Please fix this!
Does not open
This app is absolutely horrible. When I went to my profile to add my address, the app would not save it. I would have to repeatedly add my address it would said address missing. So frustrating. I cant even search nearby clinics to make an appointment.
Tried logging in, keep getting a scripted error
We should be paid for doing their beta testing. Assumes one already has an account. No way to create it or to change password. Created one their web page but it does not work. Hangs on web page while highlighting email address. So far i am unsuccessful both in app or web page. So unable to schedule vaccination appointment which is the only reason i am trying to use this app. And where would one get the qr code to log in? Face recognition? No place to set that up in the first case.
Can't login. App crashes
This is bad app. It doesn't allow to register a new user.
Can't log in to my account
I can't even get logged into the app. I get Java script errors.
I can't log in. I can log in on the website and on the iphone app, but when I log in on this app, I get a weird error message.
Not working on my Android. Only has a login screen, but nowhere to set-up th login. Wife downloaded on iphone, seems to work, and looks completely different.
Fix this! On my phone get an error on my tablet just rejects password, already changed it to no avail. Class action lawsuit, anyone? Eta.. so now the app comes up, but is demanding a new password, on my android tablet. On my android phone it got to a point and will not let me attempt to login, and register tells me my email is already used.. yes it is because I registered days ago on my computer. But it says I am eligible. Just cannot continue.
Does not work. After a week it still says I live in Canada no matter how many times I update and save my profile. TERRIBLE
Doesn't send code to my email so I can't log in
Can not log in to othena with valid log in and password.
app wouldn't let me sign in using android
Doesn't load to 100%
Password is correct but won't work
Time for some other app created by someone with experience, not children!
The app will not log in on Android devices. I get an error message.
This app is thoroughly broken, and it's despicable that something so vital is being distributed through this incompetent private method. The app is completely nonfunctional as far as I can see, and when you try to log in flashes a progress bar that rapidly flashes various %s complete before spitting out the raw text of an error message. Absolutely pathetic attempt at providing a public service.
Unable to log in with is and ow created in desktop. Asked to reset password did not result in expected email.
Absolute disaster of an app when lives are at stake.
Can't login to my account.
Very bad. It is a junk. Do not play game with people who need to register for inoculation.
This app is a travesty. If this is how the government runs healthcare, we're hosed. This has got to be the worse app every, it's like they didn't even bother doing a basic test before releasing it to the public on a something that is this important. The two guys that gave the app 5 stars probably were hired from offshore to write this horrible app.
Come on people!!! Billions of dollars involved and you can't make a scheduling app?
Not working
1 app wont let me input. So many are depending on this app for scheding and are unable. Not good! HB
I want to rate 0 star but it doesn't have. Cannot log in my account. Such a useless app.
Poorly written app. Most likely from well connected novices with no experience, intuitiveness, nor even common sense. OMG. It's built for American during this pandemic time, and it has the phone area code defaulted to Canada (same as US but why), plus the whole United Nation in there. Anyway, one can't update profile with address and US toll prefix. The rest of the functionalities are also not there. Why release something that's not tested? Just to claim a milestone? Extremely disappointed.
Horrible app. Unable to login and schedule my 2nd dose appointment.
I am doubting that this is a fake app.
Unusable. Won't even let me sign in even though the email for my vaccine said to download it.
HORRIBLE, NEVER, NEVER WORKS, AFTER 3 DAYS IM WORNOUT. I SHOULD BE WBLE TO SUE THEM FOR PAIN AND SUFFERING!!!
This app can't even log in. Who bribed the county to get the contract for this horrendous app?
There's only a way to login. Where do you register on this app, I got an android.
I've downloaded this app 6 times and it won't even open. Guess I'll just have to die.
It will not open....
Miseraable experience.
Horrid...been 4 days... other than logging on, can't do a thing.worthless and obviously untested
Can't get past the login screen, and sends an unknown error code after each attempt.
This is a good example of publishing an app that was not tested. It does not keep your profile information therefore erasing my address. The combined address field should be split into address, city, St, zip. I heard the iPhone app is working but that does not do me any good. Also the web page is useless as it does not let you make an appointment.
Shame on CURA Patient for putting out this buggy trash at a crucial time during this pandemic. I setup an account for my grandma and, although I don't get the login issue most people are getting in the rest of the reviews, I cannot update the address in the account to generate a list of available time slots for vaccines nearby. It won't let me register for any slot until address is updated and it won't update the address for some unknown reason.
Useless. Installed and then uninstalled twice because the app keeps crashing.
Won't let me log in. Gives computer error.
I keep getting error pop ups and cant log in
Abysmal app, was it even tested?
Took over 10 tries to create and access my account. When I finally got in I began the process of making my appointment only to find there were no appointments available even thru March. At that point I was instructed to wait to be notified when a future appointment became open. Now, I can't open my account at all. There is no info available for questions or complaints to be submitted!
Can't access
Can't log in.
Unable to login
Doesn't let me create an account through the application
Can't Open App
Can't log in. Junk
Cannot be opened not to mention if this App even works. The App developer should be fired. Should be rated 0 if there is such rating. Orange County Covid 19 Task Management should feel shamed with people dying daily.
Horrible. Would not let me log in. SHOULD BE 0 STARS
This app is a joke!
Worthless app. I try to log in, and complete my profile, but it keeps changing my phone number to a Canadian phone number, and it asks for an employee ID. Why would I have an employee ID? Why did Orange County contract with this company? Obviously the two five star reviews are the app "developers".
Can't even log on using my username and password
After I entered my mailing address, the site continues to request the same information.
Not working
App does not yet work with Pixel 4 XL.
Not a good app. I understand your system is slow due to high volume. You should use Zip Code to control the daily volume. You need to inform what day for what Zip Code.
Doesn't work properly. App is not saving profile info and every time I attempt to log in, I get an error message.
Should have worked on simultaneous rollout on Apple & Android. I got my first shot. FINALLY able to download the app, but cannot login!
It's horrible! Can't schedule any appointments! Allot of times can't even log in.
crashes on login
Installed & uninstalled so many times since the 1st day the Othena was up for Android phones. Didn't and still doesn't work. The app can't keep inputted address used to choose the vaccin site. The phone number default to "Canada" for OC?! Orange County Health Care Agency, please do something, it's an important matter and you let this company fooling around with our health, "live and death" matter. You can see all the complaints. It just doesn't work for Android phones. Please do something!
is this app legitimate? not working after I registered
Won't run
Not working. Can't even sign in.
Can login on their site/got my vaccine today. Brand new app. Get in gear and fix it before more people die without the vaccine.
Just installed and attempted to log in. Received a funky message that made no sense. I'm able to use the same log in criteria on my laptop and access account. Worthless app.
Othena will not let me make an appointment. It will not let me update my mailing address. The mailing address field is blank and I cannot update it. The phone number field shows me in Canada and I cannot change it to USA. This is the worst functioning app I have ever seen. Update 1-20--- The app has improved a little bit. The current update now has my mailing address listed. However I cannot choose a future date. It only shows todays date.
This app does not work for vaccination appointments.
Bad app
Address will not populate mailing address in profile, thus nearest clinic cannot be found. Location not working either.
Doesn't work, unable to log in, gives code 500 error message.
Can't figure out how to register for Covid shot
A terrible app.... all I get is a progress report in the shape of a heart but never finishes the login...getting a system message very cryptic. I can log in on my computer..
Day 4 attempt to schedule vaccine. Operation Snail-paced Speed= the OC vaccine rollout. Wish I could give this app a -5 star rating.
You should not have to have an overpriced iPhone or get on the computer to register for the vaccine. I am on Android and your stupid app does not allow me to register to get the vaccine. I am a frontline worker in tier 1B and want to get registered so I can make the appointment when the time comes. Your app development team seriously dropped the ball on the rollout, especially since the iOS folks are not experiencing these issues. FIX THE DAMN APP.
Unable to login. Response protocol error
App will not open.
Address and phone number section do not work. to use this app you have to add your address so it can find a vaccine site. There's no way for you to search your address or at it It just keeps saying that you don't have an address. So basically it's unusable.
Fails to allow me to log on on either of my Android devices. At least on the desktop I can get in.
Can not login. Keep getting protocol error
Not being able to login
Will not accept user name or password, Will not take me to making appointments!
All the negative reviews are CORRECT. Ap does not work. Hard to believe that two people could give this apt a 5.
Horrible....cant even log in...same as other users below.
I can't change the date from the current day. I've been trying for a week. Without a date you can't make an appointment.
Unable to log on. Log on fails.. Besides that, can't say anything else about the app because I am unable to proceed.
This app screams CALIFORNIA
Horrible app. The app is useless. It didn't store location information, no matter what I do. Poorly designed, and shame on our government for choosing this company.
Cannot get the app to work or get past the log in screen
Not able to log in to account...app still needs work for Android. Apple platform works a lot better.
Got a heart logo showing the percent loading then it stopped.
App will not open. Reinstalled many times with same results.
Doesn't let you login and displays an error message so briefly it's unreadable.
App does not work. Seems developers and o.c. supervisors only cater to iphone users because this garbage does not work on any android device.
Update 1/23/21. After another UPDATE 1/19/21. FRESH REINSTALL. NOW HAS A DISCLAIMER NOTICE ON OPENING THAT COVERS ENTIRE SCREEN. NO WAY TO ACCEPT OR CLOSE IT. HORRIBLE PROGRAMMING. AND YES I AM YELLING !!!Let's me sign in but wont update to United states location and phone number. Wont update address. Says I have appointment but cant find it or see date,time or location. Complete waste of time. Serious programming failure. Get your act together and fix this POS app. Do you only care about IOS ?
Could not log in.
You can't get through. Useless.
Inspite of registering on line, the app would not let me sign in. I reset the password using their link, and it still doesn't work. Useless. How are we supposed to get an appointment for the vaccine? We are over 70 with comorbidity conditions. Very frustrating!
Completely unusable. Can't enter my address, cant change the date, can't do anything. Impossible to even look for an appointment, much less schedule one, with this buggy app.
Does not work. Can not log in.
Login for the app doesn't work. This obviously wasn't tested by QA and put up here just to download not to use. I suggest reporting it to Google. Update: Login works, but pretty much nothing else. Progress! Update 1/19: App can no longer log you in anymore, been down for 48 hours.
As of January 17 2021, my Samsung Droid, cannot enter mailing address, manually typed in or with Google maps. This app without that info cannot complete my mailing address in my profile which therefore prevents the 1st step of making a vaccine appointment. Apple phones do not seem to have this problem and are making vaccine appointments in Orange County. Please fix app to also work completely on Droid phones also.
Doesnt work. Thinking it may be fake also. After installing my phone has been acting up as well.
Impossible!
This is the worst app ever. Read your darn reviews from other users. Apparently does not work with Android and even on Apple devices it has many problems.
Horrible
Installed this app 2x, and deleted again. Won't even open on my Samsung. The owners of Othena must have paid off all of the OC supervisors to get this contract. What a joke.
This app will not allow me to sign in. I registered both parents on website jan. 12th by early afternoon, aged 86 and 79 with additional health problems and others have written about getting iphone appts ahead of them as of yesterday just by borrowing an iphone. This is not right. I dont think we are in the cue properly according to the gentleman who got an appt. Yesterday and seemed to sign up aftet us. My folks are in the high need category. Please help. App doesnt work either
Cannot log in or book my second appt. I cannot find an option to book a second appt online either
Can't log in. After repeated tries I deleted it.
This app is garbage. It doesn't allow one to log in or allow a new user to register. Was this even tested. What a travesty for those hoping to be able to sign up and get a vaccine.
My information came up with the wrong birth year. Now I can't find any way to correct it.
It doesn't give you an option to sign up nor any description or instructions on how to do so, pretty useless app.
Installed and unable to login, keep recieving a gibberish error message
Will not let me log in.
This is the worst app ever. Here our lives are depending on this app, too work properly. Sadly it is not. I have been on it at 50 times in the last week and only twice, have been able to actually sign in. So frustrating. Today is the 27th of January. I have been trying to get an appointment, since the 1st of the month. Still no appointment. I know people who have signed up way after me and have been vaccinated. It's so frustrating.
Cant log in
Terrible
Cannot login; I get strange message.
Does not work!
Can't Log In-Tried multiple times without success. Deserves current 1+ rating! Very distressing as it involves COVID-19 registration!
Horrible
I think the two positive reviews must be from the app developers. This app is a waste of time, as it doesn't allow for a new user, but takes you straight to login. Note: apparently you have to register online first, but it must be overloaded-- no response.
It is only for apple products
Get errors trying to logon. Registered on website after two day's contantly trying. Now trying to use logon with app.. it's not working..
I have uninstalled 5 times. Every time I install and try to open the app I get the message " app keeps shutting down " . I give up!
Keeps stopping, useless so far
Appears to be written by children. Failed login attempts result in an internal debug message rather than something human readable. It appears the app was never stress tested.
Doesn't work. Thanks for nothing.
Followed directions to the letter.. worthless so far but what choice do I have in oc.
App not working at all. Fix this POS app.
Doesn't work.
To the developer...please read and respond with your plan to fix this...
Does Not work
Unfortunate that the county went with this company to develope the app. This is mission critical and Cura has really dropped the ball.
Plenty of bugs, issues and errors. Way too many to list in this review. This app is not ready for use. This is more like an alpha build. I think a high schooler self taught by googling how to develop apps, then created and tried to maintain this app. I hope that's not true, but it feels like that's the case. Can't the company hire a couple more competent people? Either these people bribed to get this contract to manage vaccination or officials did not vested diligently before hiring them.
Cannot log in. No surprise
It's TRASH!!! doesn't work at all. This company is preventing senior citizens from getting the Vaccine
O keeps stopping on samsung 7
Site is really terrible. Usually won't open and when it does it doesn't open to a schedule. IPhone users have an easy time getting into it than Android users.
Not working yet
Doesn't work for android
Nothing happens after signing in. This is VERY frustrating. Seems that they tried to rush this app and it does not work for android phones. iPhone users have been able to log on and have success. Now, finally able to enter and save my address, although app won't let us search for another date.
Unable to log in Unclear error message
I get an error when I try to log in
Keeps giving error code. Does not work on android phone. Useless.
Cannot log in, keeps telling me to start again. I need help..not user friendly for such an important app.
Not working on my Android devices.
So this app did improve since it first came out, but it is unreliable. I finally got an appointment, but now I can't login. It keeps saying that my session expired or the password was incorrect. I know for sure that the password is correct, but I tried resetting it just in case. I couldn't even get an email to do that either. This is just unnecessarily stressful.
This app needs to be rewritten AND TESTED by an experienced app developer. I echo the experience of other frustrated users with log-on difficulties, inability to update and change information and general accessibility to the site. Logging onto the app the night before to see next day appts is impossible as the appt date cannot be refreshed; it is stuck at the current date with no option to adjust the date. Nor can you reset the distance from a testing site as it automatically defaults to 5 miles before searching for appts. I do not have confidence that this app will help me get an appt much less keep track of and protect my personal information !!
This app is HORRIBLE 😡 ... IT DOESN'T WORK AT ALL!!! When I finally manage to log in it takes me to a page where it is asking to reset my password. The bad thing is that it doesn't allow you to do anything and you can't even get out of that page. This app needs to be fixed ASAP if they way Orange County to be able to register for the Covid19 vaccine. 🤨😡🤨😡🤨😡
Can't read some of the info, and the navigation is clunky. I do not trust my Personal info in this application or company to be safeguarded properly.
So poor. Why can't this app get a zero star.
Terrible and frustrating app. Total time waster. You'll see.
App not usable on android. Freezes upon opening on disclaimer page. Have downloaded, opened, deleted 3 times now.
I went to the injection site by the Honda center and no one documented me properly. Now I can't get my second shot. The App is super glitchy and kept making me change my password over and over. When that stopped is when I was able to get in. My coworker confirmed I should gave been scheduled for my follow up, it isn't showing in the App that I ever recieved the first shot, and it won't let me reschedule the first one to try to get my second. Have no idea who to contact to remedy this!!!
I have been trying for a week to register and my 83 year old aunt for appointment and it's impossible to use! She can't do it on her iPhone because it is not supported!!! I really can't believe this is so TERRIBLE!
Unable to set an appointment date ahead of time makes this apps unusable. It would be understandable if it prompt no availability but the apps never give any info, instead, the appointment date just stuck to the present date with no other option of adjusting it, that is lack of tech experience who develop this apps.
Doesn't work, so many errors. Can't schedule appointment, change address, or anything. Awful programming.
Cant change date or location for appointment
Login throws an error message. This app is useless.
Calling this app garbage is an insult to garbage. As of 1/21, location search does not work, buttons don't work properly, drop down for other languages does not work, font size with crucial information is tiny and cannot be enlarged, and the app randomly freezes. After logging in, all the app does is crash.
Terrible app.
Can't download app after a week of trying. Too bad there's not a 0 star rating.
Totally agree with the other frustrated users. It took me more than one hour to figure it out and clicking the calendar more than 600 times didn't help either. Too bad the lowest rating is one star.
This App Sucks. Not ready for release. Not intuitive. Not responsive and does not work. Period.
I can't get pass the disclaimer page. I deleted and reinstalled and the same thing occurred. 👎👎
Scheduling an appointment is impossible. When trying to select a date, it will not let you enter a future date. It only enter todays date by default. Also a little confusing.Nit very user friendly.
Amazingly bad app. I will never use it until it can accept my mailing address.
Unbelievable! Is this the best we can do during a pandemic?
I can't even get into this with passwords, etc. I have signed up on my desk top and am over 65 and still do not have an appointment. The app doesn't work properly and I understand we have to check it all through the day. How can we do that if this isn't working!? So much for getting covid relief.
Today the address error was fixed but now it does not allow you to change the date to look for future appointment times. Very disappointed in how slow this app is coming together for something so important that there was months to plan for.
App design is a joke. Main purpose is to schedule a Covid vaccine, but there is no way to select a date other than today. The stress this app causes is life threatening.
Won't load. Freezes. No date showing.
This app does not install on my android Samsung S9+
Everytime I log in, it tells me to reset my password. Then tells me that it failled when I create a new one. I can't get passed that page. It is not good especially needing to see the next appointment for the 2nd dosage of the vaccine.
WHAT A FAILURE! Not with downloading.
Stuck on disclaimer notice and can't move past it. Uninstalled app and reinstalled. Same problem!
Already loads of issues, but as of today I cannot sign in anymore. Claims my username/email or password are wrong, but they are correct and I am 100 percent sure.
After downloading the fix on 1/ 18 the UPDATE button on the appointment page is still not active. Android platform.
Rediculous! One star is being generous. I open the app and all I get is a Disclaimer pop-up and I can't go any further. I have uninstall/installed the app several times and zero progress.
Unable to get past a Reset Password prompt after logging in with existing credentials. New account creation DOB field doesnt accept text input.
The app is not letting me set the correct location and location showing on the map is in the middle of the ocean and that's why I am not able to book appointment. And it keeps changing my phone no. to canada even after I change both address and country of phone no.(country code). Please fix the issue ASAP
So many bugs. Won't even let me sign in
Joke!
Terrible!!!
POS is a generous rating. Can not login after registering on website. Impossible to enter birthdate on entry line. Backtabbing 70 years on a calendar month by month basis is evidence of NO testing. Given the current situation someone should be fired!!!
Wish there was a zero rating, as the app does nothing but show you a log in screen. Terrible, waste of time App not ready for prime time on Android. There is a great functioning app for Apple users only. This one not functioning at all. Don't know how the county allows this incompetence... What a disaster. Cryptic error message that quickly disappears when trying to log in. Uninstalled this app!!
Error logging in if you cant figure this part out why bother coding a website or app...
Never loads to register!!!!!
Can't get past the Disclaimer Page!!
Would love for this to work since it is so important. The app crashes constantly (every 2-3 seconds). links don't work. Poor quality
address update flawed, defaulted to Canada as country of residence and won't edit. Does not allow for calendar view only current day for vaccinations. Very frustrating that you cannot make these simple fixes.
Nothing works! I can't enter any info, can't correct any info. Needs serious work
My 97 year old mom is still waiting for appointment. Where in the que is it? How long should this take for a 97 year old to get an invitation for a appointment? Now the app just dropped me off sign in. Why can't I sign 2 people in on app?
It does not work!
Can not logon. Asking to logon with email and password without account setup. What email? Email and email password has been provided and collected and still can not logon. Looks more like a scam to collect email address and its password for hackers.
Don't bother. It is useless. Use the online site instead.
Terrible..please help can't get past disclaimer screen freezes.
Worst app ever developed
Sucks!!!
Why did the OC Board of Supervisors hire a tiny, unknown company to build this app? The county has an IT dept and a health dept that could've worked together to build a functional, efficient app, thereby saving tax dollars and protecting our personal data. We need honest leaders, committed to open, transparent government. This is why we need to elect KATRINA FOLEY to the OC Board of Supervisors in the upcoming election on March 3, 2021. PLEASE VOTE!
I have registered on the Web site. I even have an appointment for my first vaccination. Downloaded the app and tried to log in. I know my login is correct as it works on the website. But the App just fails to log me in, sometimes with a fleeting error message, sometimes with no feedback at all. Update: The error, as best as I can capture it, is "protocol=h2, code=500, message="
This app has not worked from the get-go! Periodically, some changes are made, but some other feature is taken away. This app is totally useless!
Constantly crashes and forces to have to re-register again, again, and again for the last 2 weeks! As if the virus wasn't frustrating enough!!! Come on get it together! 🤔😒🤬
Wow, this application is horrible! I logged in through the website since the app wasnt available on Google play at the time. Now every time I try to log in via the app it asks to reset my password but fails to update. Biggest pandemic in a century and this is the only way I know how to schedule an appointment. God help us!
Not working
Can't even register. Address search changes when selected.
Could not login on Android 11... Progressing halfway then some mumble jumble script came up at the bottom of the login screen, then back to the login screen... Nothing happen no matter what I've tried !?!? C'mon developers !!!
Can't get past the disclaimer, it froze and can't do anything
I can't get past the disclaimer
Very poor app. All I need to say.
Absolutely useless. No logic, completely disorganized. Wastage of time. I have registered for two weeks and still have not received appointment.
This is the worst. I can't schedule an appointment because I can't change the date.
Horrible app. Badly designed. Not good enough to be called beta. Morons have no clue how to setup a waiting list. So you waste time trying 100 times to get appointment
Takes me to reset my password on login and won't take me any where else. Fails to change my password,and traps me at that screen.
Doesn't let you choose a date beyond today which is always unavailable. If this is all what we have to work with, we're in big trouble. However, they may be working on fixing it... Stand by for an update
1-15-2021 Downloaded the app, tried to log in 4 different times with no luck. Removed the app, downloaded again and same thing, can't log in. 1-17-2021, tha app was finally fixed to let me log in, the problem now is to complete my profile which finds vaccination locations, you must inter your mailing address. I did that and it will not save the address. I have done this several times with the same results. NOT SAVED. Hopefully it doesn't take three days for this fix as vaccine is running low
If I could I'd give it a -10. I try to open it & get a message it has stopped. I have loaded it several times & it keeps stopping.
Says backend is down won't login.
It keeps telling me to complete my profile to schedule an appointment and then crashes when I attempt to do so.
One of very few Worst apps 👎. Head of IT should be fired and developers must also be fired and/or send back to IT school. What's an embarrassment 👎
First time in it tells me to reset my password. I try the old one and several new ones, but it just says it fails. And it won't let me move from this page. I can't get back to the home page to check if my email was correct. I'm stuck.
I downloaded this app on both my phone (android) and computer. It doesn't work on either device. On my cell phone, I was unable to move beyond the "disclaimer" page. On my computer, I received a message stating the app would be downloaded shortly. It was never downloaded. The concept of this app is a good one, but it is a long way from completion. Frustrating. Disappointing. Useless.
I log in with the same username and password that I use on your website but the app forces me to change my password. When I change my password it never lets me log in and continues to force me to change the password. Downright stupid.
Can not open this app
Couldn,t log in . Doesn,t work
Unable to use app. Says I'm off line but I'm not.
Most stupid app. Dies not work, and has no support!!!
Agree with all the 1 star reviews! This is the worst app. Cant change the date, Update button doesnt work, wouldnt let me log on, kept putting my setting to Canada, I could go on but i wont.
Wouldn't accept my password. Kept telling me to update my password. No matter what I did. Works on my laptop
BS app. Does not work on Galaxy S10. Cannot get past disclaimer page.
My appointment was removed from the home screen without any email notification or phone call.
What the hay, Soka has been open for 2 days and the app can't see it. No communication that gives any info at all.
try to make an appointment. you can't chose a date, you can't choose a location, it doesn't recognize your location, the help "chat" works only for your next appointment and none of the other functions work. obviously they have rushed publishing this app and no one has ever tested it!
Sucks. 4 days later, still sucks. Cant select future date, and cannot reset distance willing to drive. Remains at default 5 mile radius.
I got COVID-19 vaccine Dose-1, still website shows appointment for Dose-1. My information is not been updated even after 4 days. I sent email but there is no answer.
Doesn't work. The scheduling never works.
App does not work on Android. Cannot login, get funky message. This needs to be fixed asap.
Worst app ever. What kind of an idiot wrote this in time of pandamic! You can't even enter BD efficiently: you have to pass through each month starting 2001. Prepared to be extremely frustrated if you're born in 50's.
bad app
Worthless
This shouldn't even be out in the world as an app. Can't change the date for an appointment and the default is 5 miles away. Can't book a future appt. Absolute fail.
It sucks and does not work on Android phones
Still not working for android users.. cant get past the login screen. I got my first vaccine and now im not sure what time i need to go back for my 2nd vaccine.
Doesn't appear to work on a Galaxy Tab S6 lite. What good is this if it cannot be used?
I just downloaded this app for the first time ever, and it keeps crashing. It won't even open . You guys SUCK!
Used (or am trying to use) to schedule Covid vaccination. Unpleasant and stress-inducing.
This app is very useless as you cannot get past the disclaimer and will not let you do anything. How are you expected to schedule a second appointment for the second vaccine? Apparently Apple users were automatically notified of an already scheduled appointment for them and no need to schedule but this is not available for Android users.
Upon loading, the app immediately Froze on DISCLAIMER screen. Deleted app.
App never works, keep looping at reset password screen .
Absolutely one of the worst Uis i have ever seen. The click functions almost never work. I can't navigate anywhere i need to go. Why develop such a pointless, useless app. Call centers would have been more useful. Please do us all a favor and pull this trash app from the store.
Awful
DONT BE FOOLED, ANDROID users dont get ANY of the fake pages they are showing, NOTICE the devices in the pictures, they are ALL Iphones or Ipads, NOT Android, ITS a SCAM. OTHENA tossed this app together because they caught wind that giving IPHONE users an advantage over Android users could drag them into a class action suit . This app is a POS and Doesnt work...won't let you login. IPHONE's app gives all sorts of info it is a unfair advantage to say the least. Android users needs to make themselves heard . I wonder how much APPLE is paying Othena to prioritize their customers first .....Iphone users gets checked in quicker, and lets their people that they are still being observed after vaccination and much more , Android users gets nothing ......How do you all feel being bottom of the barrel ?
Total shame!I can't even login and register! I wish there was an option to give 0 star because this website and app playing with people's life in this critical situation m!. I wanted to register for the first time l, and it said your email already exists! Who used my email address? I had to click forgot password to get into the account that I didn't create. Now, after I changed the password, it doesn't let me to login, it says server error! And there is no custom service!!
If I could give it a zero I would... but since the intention is good I'll stick with a one. After multiple attempts of getting errors signing in I finally got in and now it won't allow me to put in my address. These poor old people trying to sign up for their vaccine with no young person around, thinking this is how complicated the world of tech is. It's not!
Crashes before I can do anything.
Worst app ever. OC requires us to use this to schedule Covid-19 vaccination. I fill out my profile and save but it shows my phone as Canada and never saves correctly. Worst is that it only shows today's date for appointment and can't change it although the calendar icon is displayed it doesn't work. OC supervisors should have had better oversight. After being in tech for many years this is truly the work public app ever.
App doesn't work!!! I try to input my Profile info including address. Then when I try to schedule a vaccine shot, the screen says I'm missing my address. It won't let me input an address in this screen. When I go back to Profile, I see that my address is missing. So I input my address again. Message say "Success". Then I go back into Profile and the address is gone again!!! So frustrating and non-productive!!! If the programmer were working for me, I'd fire them!!! Whose accountable???
Cannot get past the "Disclaimer" screen page.
You cannot register for the vaccine through this site, even when you follow with the link they give you. A disclaimer comes up and there's nothing you can do to get past it. 😞
It's like they have never written software before. Most professionals could make something better in a day or two. Where did they find these programmers? They've had 10 months and it looks like it was thrown together in one day as an afterthought. Get it together people! This is important.
Impossible to schedule a vaccination appointment. I check this several times a day, and each time it tells me "no clinic opened" anywhere from 5 to 25 miles from my home. I know this is not true because I live 6 miles from Soka university.
Trouble logging in after creating account and now either my password is incorrect or my username etc, so I can't loin. This is way too complicated, Once Walgreens and pharmacist is involved things will pick up.
My parents have been on the waiting list for a little under a month now. They are both over 75. This vaccine roll out is a disaster. Make a terrible app for an age group least likely to use technology. If they don't have an email, they can't sign up. I check everyday and I signed up way early. I would not be surprised if most of the early registered people just fell through the cracks because the app wasn't ready.
Difficult to use no support horrible death sentance for seniors who can't get on or call a line for assistance , you can still smell the politics in the air no other so cal county is using a app as horrible as this
POS. Can't even get pass the disclaimer screen. It just froze up.
Aaaaaaarrrrrrrrggggggghhhhhh!!!!!!!! This app is so bad it makes me think the program has the Rona! The best way to deal with it is carefully wrap it in a bag, label it carefully, then set it on fire.
When trying to input date of birth, you'll have to swipe left thru months and years from 2001 till you get to your birth year, month and day! Won't accept direct numeric input! Imagine the time and effort for those 65 years and older!
Horrible app. As a Chief Information Officer I would have fired the staff that released this code. Very user unfriendly, bug-ridden, and clearly not ready for prime time.
Simply pathetic that a government agency would select this POS app to be the only method for the public to get an appointment for a vaccine during a global pandemic. Drag yourself from 1985 and fix this. Mine gets stuck at needing to reset the password, when I didn't ask to and it's identical to the web version password. Somebody from the government must be related to someone in the Maryland non-profit that created this hot mess. Silicon Valley software geniuses are 400 miles away from LA...
I can't even get passed the disclaimer😐
This application is useless, No schedule information, No appointment information, Can't schedule anything, No information about when you might be able to schedule something.......USELESS.
It's a mess, I try to make appoimen for my mom 88 year old, up to this moment she still can't have appointments, when they said they taking 65,when you still have many older still haven't received their shoot, how many people know how to go online, this is the worst,and a mess, if they don't know how to organize the director should step down
The app has so many problems, I could never recommend it. It needs to be replaced. There is no way to reset the password. I'm trying to get my wife an appointment. I got in on the UCI vaccine application, but they don't allow a plus one. She couldn't get in. So I got a vaccine, but she is stuck with Othena. She can't get in. It won't accept her password. If you ask for a reset, you never get a reset password email. They did something because now I get a message that says that the email doesn't exist. But it won't let me use it as a first time user. It just locks up after I enter all the information with no error message. She got the email to select an appointment over a week ago as I ended up registering her with another email, but when I go in it still says she's in the waiting room. The app on the phone is no help either. On the I-Phone it just says there is nothing near her and on the current date. There is no way to change the date. On my android, I can change the range to 25 miles, but it still says there are no facilities and again the date can't change. With both Disneyland and Soka open, both within 25 miles, this should not happen. I've written on the facebook page. No response. I emailed the link you used to have on your page, but no response. There is no support for a poorly designed app that just leads to frustration.
Nothing works on this app. The location has me out in the middle of the ocean somewhere and is telling me there's no clinics around me. Gee, you think? How are we supposed to find out if we have an appointment if nothing's working? I never got a confirmation email when I signed up on othena. I am very unclear as to whether I am even in the system.
Worse app I have used...either can't log in or error of one issue or another. Won't give date, or update & stalls out.
Does not let you cancel appointments.
Won't allow me to select answer for question 3. Also it keeps changing my address (house number) when I enter it.
Was this app even tested by a real person? You have to scroll through the calendar month by month backwards for your birth month instead of being able to enter it. Ridiculous!! Every time I tried to log on it said I didn't exist, so when I tried to create a new user, it said I did. Very frustrating. It was finally fixed. It won't let me put in a location more than 5 miles from home. Disneyland is 5.6 miles. So I never get a vaccine until one is closer? Was this created by anti-vaxers?
Not user friendly-not working
This app really sucks. I don't know how this trash got passed development. Even upon login it just gives error 500 and that's it. I don't know why the county would partner with these guys.
Horrible app. When I enter an address it gets override by the current location which output an incorrect address. Address not even close to your location. Also the phone keeps pointing to Canadian area code instead of US.
The worst app ever!
I can download the app, but it won't let me register to login. I have android phone. I saw that someone else had the same problem. I filled out the form several days ago to be notified, but have not heard back as yet either.
Horrible frustrating experience using this app.
Not working, keeps prompting me to reset my password, which never works. Am a healthcare worker trying to get an appt
I enter my address then app updates my info with a different incorrect address. Doesnt allow user to fix. Waste of time.
Doesn't let you log in. I've been trying to get an appointment because it said I'm eligible and to "click here to schedule," and the the app either gives an error message or says it can't schedule. Garbage. Disappointing.
Every single time I look at the app to review my information, the app shows my phone as Canada. It never shows any available appointments - even at the 25 mile range, and that option always reverts to a 5 mile radius.
I'm in CA app puts me in Atlantic off coast of Nigeria
This app is pretty much useless. I've already had my first dose and need an appointment for my second dose. The app used to show an appointment date, but with no location ("N/A") and it wouldn't let me select a location. Now when I log in there's nothing about the second appointment at all and no way to make an appointment. How am I supposed to get my second dose? The date is fast approaching! The app doesn't even provide any useful information. Useless!
Data input is EXTREMELY difficult or impossible. About to uninstall. Code writers should be fired.
Super glitchy! Doesn't save your info and you cannot search for appointments in the future. There is no way to change the date you are searching and only returns results for today's date, which surprise surprise there aren't any appointments available.
We need to depend on this app and it does not allow any visibility to schedules, only wants you to wait one day at a time. Really difficult or impossible at best, can't change anything. Really need to address it before we all die.
App has lot of bugs, and most options cannot be clicked.
Stupid app. You can't just enter your birthdate using the keypad, because the app designer figured out a fancy-pansy calendar to scroll through, one lousy slow month at a time. Considering they are registering for over 70 years old, that is in my case 864 months! Gave up. Please just re do the app and let people manually enter their age!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
App doesnt work properly
this app is completely broken.
Poor pathetic performance
No options just a loading page with a thank you for trying to schedule a vaccination
Locks up can't get vaccine appointment
so fustrating
I cant even install thia app on my phone. Yet I need to have thia app to get the Vaccine.
Worst app EVER! Did 3rd graders write it?
I cannot login using the information I registered on the Othena website with. After entering user ID and password and clicking login button, screen looks like it is logging in, but then gives a gibberish message and goes back to login screen.
Now can get into app but automatic location is not working. Enter it in manually and it won't hold. Developers need help, they don't know what they're doing. And the rest of the day I couldn't get in. Get a funky message on the app that looks like it's a system error. And just a standard uninformative message on the website.
For greater majority app is impossible to use. Too many in Orange County, CA need a reliable source to be able to sign up for vaccine appointments. Most tying to sign up are 65 and older, and need something easy to understand how to use, and that lets them KNOW they have put in all of the info needed to be able to make an appointment. I am on Neighborhood forum, and daily dozens are writing complaining about this app and uncertainty how to use with no one to ask questions about it.
You have to scroll back your age in years * 12 to select your birth date. ARE YOU INSANE?!
Othena appears to be a fraud
This is is broken. After changing my contact to the USA it keeps on going back to Canada. Not from Canada by the way. Also not able to fill in my address and not able to see if there are any appointments available the virtual chat is not even useful as it keeps on saying that my next appointment is coming up..regardless of which scroll bar I pick I get the same answer. This is a joke and cant believe it has major glitches and errors when so many people are in need of guidance and help
I have an account already. When I try to login it forces me to reset the password 😡 Poorly made application!
Worst app I have ever used!
The worst app I have ever used,I am a health care worker I have been eligible for vaccine since 1/7/21 I have tried every day the site says I can schedule the vaccine than it loads info to 99.9 percent than says server problem try again,I have tried 500 times it doesn't work .the worst dennis a. IHSS orange co calif
Doesn't work gets stuck on the disclaimer terrible app
Barely works. As an Android Dev myself I can say terrible implementation. On further review, only appears to barely work actuallly most functions do not work. Horrible App. The developers should be ashamed if not tried for Mansaughter for causing increased Deaths among the elderly.
Cannot set up for my wife as well.??????
App is very buggy on Android. When you update a profile and click "save", it doesn't actually save. When you try to enter a date or location to set up an appointment, there are bugs and it doesn't let you do it. Trying to set up an appointment for my 80 year old grandmother. Please fix.
The worst app ever. Does not work.
Can't enter my address. When i click "Use current location", the result is a couple of houses away from mine. No biggie. But when i manually enter my address, the return key has no effect and there is no other way to "submit" or enter it. When i hit "Back", the address i entered is gone. Super annoying!
App doesn't open after entering log in information. I am registered on the site. Not sure why the site and app are not connected. Please check interfacing connection!
Doesnt work
You click on I want to get vaccinated and it showes a heart with a percentage and goes back to selection. It will not go past this stage.
Cannot get past asking for new password
Tried to sign in on app...it kept showing my neighbors address and wouldn't let me register my home address. It was determined I was at that address and wouldn't let me change. HELP!!!
No access
So many issues
I've registered on my laptop but read you need to use this app for a QR code. I put in my address over & over but it showed the wrong #s in my address. I put in my email and password and it would not accept them. THIS IS BAD. Isn't this to made appointments for a vaccine to stop a DEADLY PANDEMIC?? I have never had an app give me so much trouble. This is VERY DISAPPOINTING. I will just have to check several times a day online on my laptop. Hope that QR code isn't important.
This thing blows. You try to log in, only to be told that your user info is invalid, even though you signed in an hour earlier.
I can't sign on anymore, how am I supposed to use this app. This is one of the worst interfaces I've ever seen.
Doesn't recognize me
Doesn't work.
No thanks
Terrible app. Pathetic user experience. What else would you expect though from a vendor chosen by the government. Cura here is a concept think customers not hostages!
It is a dead end app.
840 screen taps to enter birthday. Yeah.
App will not work without access granting access to you phone's camera and files. There is no legitimate reason this app needs access to the camera and files on my phone. A "profile picture" should not be required to schedule a vaccination appointment.
Most user unfriendly website ever encountered.
The app is getting easier to use but it won't let me continue on the app without giving it permission to my storage, video, pics and location. Come on you don't need access. You have my email and my home address on file. Allow us to deny access to continue. LAME!
There seems to be several bugs or not completed features in the app. This wouldn't be a terrible issue however there is no way to report problems.
By installing this application, I lost my freedom of daily unrelated sales people calls
Under my email address in the app it says "Public." What does this mean? Are you making my email address accessible to everyone? Also the iOS app asked for insurance information that the Android app did not. Why?
Asks for your location but shows only one time slot 3 minutes from current time for a location 1/2 an hour away. No one can travel that fast. Secondary location 45 minutes away shows only 2 time slots, again neither could be reached in time. Shows 3 days available on calendar but only gives one or two time slots for the current day. This is why we're struggling, you can't even give us the ability to schedule hours in advance much less days!
Tells me to be prepared and save time by filling in precheck questionnaire but there is no way to do that. I also don't see a print option.
Wants all my info released to them to use it
Very poor and unusual,
Tried 2 phones LG Stylo 4, Samsungs10 will not connect. Waisted time cheap junk
cant connect
Everything about this watch is extremely extremely disappointing!!!
App is not working it it stucked at searching bracelets.
this app stinks...it tracks steps when im sleeping or not moving..BP is way off...It wont let me track when I excersice because gps cant be located...very disappoint because i like the watch design but the apo really sucks..I cant even do anything with the watch but swipe..i cant reset it or anything...Switching to a fitbit
The app doesn't connect with the B57 smart watch. So I can't see the data registered on the phone and I can use the features on the app to work on the watch? What do I do? What can be done? Pls check the app and upgrade it!!!!
poor
its not connecting but its saying is then not cant do anything now it wont connect device
not user friendly
This app interferes with phone calls and texts. If permissions to control phone calls and texts is turned off, it doesn't allow you to use the app at all. So I have to use my watch without the use of the app for tracking. Not cool.
For crying out loud, could someone translate the directions into English?? And produce an instruction manual with font bigger than 3pts. Is that too much to ask?
I started using this app 1-8-21, everything worked great until 1-13-21. Now each day's data is replaced with old data at midnight.
I cant even change gender in profile. It's the first step! I bought 3 for gifts. Glad I tried it first. Sending them back!
this dont do a thing how do i get the watch connected with my phone and why have messages if you cant check this watch is only for fitness pointless for everything else
Working fine on my phone but not on my 3 friends, so on behalf of my friends, I'll give 1 star. Sorry.
Its sucks
I dont want this app controling my phone so it will not open
The watch and phone don't stay connected and that's a big problem for me as I need it too
This worked for 2 weeks now won't stay connected to bluetooth. Doesn't track my sleep, will one night then won't the next and does not track your steps, I wear one and compare, only tracks 1/3 of the steps. I got it mainly for my blood pressure and it runs 20 points higher. Very disappointed!
not pleased
the app could not detect my B57 watch, ive already uninstal and instal it, please fix this.
Worked like a dream for first 10 days or so, love the watch, the customisation, everything. Now it's suddenly stopped counting steps. I've disconnected, turned the watch on and off, reinstalled the app. Nothing working 🤷‍♂️
This has got to be one of the worst watches I've ever owned....will no sun with phone among other things...threw it away...Bad..bad..bad choice!!!
Does not read correct blood pressure
The smart watch is great for the price but the issue I've got is with this app. Constantly disconnecting and take for ever to connect again! Data never save or being accurate! I would rather pay, no customer service, you can t registrar your number or email! Totally gutted with this app, shame because the watch is great! Do something about it or maybe delete the app and change your career!
Only worked for a month
Why this app can't connect my B57 watch what's the problem
When I press device to find my smartwatch it doesn't load. So then my info doesn't get logged in
app says searching for device and never pulls up any bracelet
My messages and Calls stop coming on my watch I haven't had it for a month why is that
Won't bind
It wont ever load and always won't connect to the watch at times.
Not able to download any watch faces
I can't connect to my B57 watch at all
so far the app sucks. its nice that I can change the pic on the watch but I no longer have the correct time the heart rate, sleep and all.that does not work. notifications come in here and there. no way to correct the time so I can atleast have that. not happy at all
Not connecting with my b57 smart watch
can you use this app with a pre paid smart phone?!!
pretty bad, really. often goes days without any notifications ( even phone calls) and often doesn't even tell the right time. also, don't bother trying to customize the watch face, the thing will just reset and get hot
App won't open tried numerous times to download it downloaded 100 percent but will not open.
I used it for 2 days, now I'm not able switch between the functions
Can't get into the app
High time to consider working hand-in-glove with Google Fit
My heart rate monitor is not working, i changed the setting on the app to measure all day but it don't. I need to measure it manually
Having problem to connect the watch with app
Heart monitor badly inaccurate. According to this no matter what exercise I do my rate remains between 45 and 80....I mean come on!
Very poor
Application has so many bugs and even it is not showing caller ID.
Not pairing cant connect to my b57 smartwatch
The face watch not changing and also delay. I can't change the face watch it's so big mistake
Péssimo.
Had it a few months, time is 10 minutes off. Stopped working with sleep time, blood pressure. Would never recommend.
app looks great except it dosent find any watch let alone mine even when my phone is conected to bluetooth.
Not connecting with my phone
Useless.t
the device is way off about my blood pressure. says extremely high when another device says i am normal. cant turn off says i am asleep when it is off my arm. says i was walking when asleep.
Disconnects from the phone constantly. Data it provides is vastly incorrect. The watch band is hard to put on. Only pro is long battery life.
Rubbish have to keep uninstalling the watch from phone as it stops working don't record steps or sleep
The message cant connect to watch. I need to restart my phone everytime and just work for few mins. Then can't be connect again.
I waited months for this stupid watch. I ended up not getting the color i wanted. And now i can't even use it. It wont connect to my B57 watch. What a waste of money.
Cannot connect with realme 6 phone Android 10. I Can with wife's Moto g7. Watch going back. P22C is watch.
Almost immediately stopped connecting to app.
Cant connect the smart watch
The app is no longer connecting with my b57 please try to fix it
how to add device??
Doesn't stay connected with the bluetooth all the time takes ages to reconnect it .
Dont work keeps disconnecting and no notifications come through!!
latest version has lots of problems, change watch face and resets phone data, time is incorrext, basically watch is unusable.
Bad accuracy blood pressure takings Bad charging methods Not clear instructions manual Don't waste your money Not worth it
Unable to answer calls from it or answer txt, other then that I Like it
Will this app get fixed soon? It doesnt download. Ive tried many times and I received this as a gift. I would like to use it and not send back
unable to download watchface
App doesn't connect to Vivo phone. Was working nicely with my Samsung s7. I've allowedall the permissions to the app. Still doesn't show watch on it.
Não esta conectando com o Bluetooth
Can't connect on my device!!! Omigoddd stress levelll
It won't pair up with my phone and because of this the time and date cannot be changed. It's going back to Amazon
I cannot change the watchface! Please fix. 1 Star.
My b57 watch didnt support thiss app
its not working on my watch
Would be nice if the app and watch connected together but they don't waste of time and money.
Wstch won't connect with app. Tried reinstalling the app. Without the app can't track.
IF I had known this app does not include workout as an exercise category, I wouldn't have purchased this product! I am unable to track my daily workouts bit I can track when I play football and skipping! Ugh!
not a good app.
App loses data on a regular basis, so if you want see any fitness gains you've made.. Forget it no historical data only current day.  The time within the app is incorrect with not possible way of changing it.. so if i went for a run at 07:00 it records it as 22:00..
Please add US measures
Impossible to change gender on setting up the app! Complete waste of time.
First, the ridiculously difficult to apply band! Need 3 hands, but alas, I only have two. Next difficult to program:/
Disconnects constantly.
So incredibly bland! If I could use another app, I would! There's few options and even fewer means of integration. Awful app. Might just return my watch so I can actually use a useful app.
Does not allow you to adjust sleep time hours, does not record any daytime sleeping. My husband has terrible insomnia and we are trying to calculate his total sleep with in a 24 hour time frame
doesnt sync with watch
Dont work most days.
doesn't update background on the watch in the settings when i try to change the wallpaper. won't save at all. all other watch face settings work but changing the wall paper.
How do i get this app to download ive deleted several of my other apps its not showing its downloading just keeps circling like its searching
Cant change face of watch since update
So far. Its ok...Not good but ok..
BAD experience: Nothing ADD up : false readings
Won't stay connected to my phone.
There is no way to change date format on my watch. Pretty annoying for item sold in Europe we use day then month system. Until this feature is fixed I will not change my rating.
the apps cant connect to may smarteatch
Crashes every 5 seconds 1 star till fixed otherwise its a nice app
Won't even initially connect to the phone to alter the time. So I have a watch I can't tell the time on, the only feature I can use is the step count, the BP is hella off and you need a connection to your phone to use the majority of the other stuff. I just bought a glorified pedometer. Complete waste of time.
As far as I can tell in the manual and the very simplistic/basic application, one cannot switch this device or its settings to American. Why sell in America if the devise is not programmed for the American consumer?
Watch worked for just one day, asked for a refund and seller didn't want to. The watch doesn't want to turn on.
Cant even set up the app because its in metric. I'm an American and we dont use metric over here, and I'm not interested in learning it. That's rediculous. I dont give a fu#k what the rest of the world uses. Never mind, I found out I can set it up in BRITISH mode? That's feet and inches and pounds???? I'll change this review if the watch and app performs to my expectations.
The band is not even accurate the heart rate it's fake every time shows a different number sleep tracker track every night once if you sleep anwake shows a hours and if you sleep again it's lost the tracking and doesn't show any sleep time till next night .
useful
Poor design.
Terrible experience with the App and the watch. I am told to use this App to connect to the Popglory watch, using Bluetooth. Unfortunately there is NO Bluetooth link on either the watch or the APP. The watch is going back.
It's a nice watch, but it's not connecting to bluetooth after the last update.
I cant connect my phone to smartwatch.... Always say connecting.. Help
Terrible!!!!!!!!!! Cannot pair with my LG phone. Cannot set clock on watch. Hours spent trying and nothing works. Think I must need a iphone because my LG just won't work with this damn watch. I cannot figure out how to return watch for getting my money back.
complicated
first my messages glitch coming through all at once throwing off the time and now the screen is stuck on upgrading UI resources and does nothing else. I've tried everything. app says its up to date, tried reinstalling. nothing works. pure waste of money and time.
To begin with, it looks sharp and has several different faces to choose from. And that's about where it ends... I've had the watch for 4 days and the only thing accurate is the time, date and the heart monitor. Steps and blood pressure are WAY off, the sleep monitor shows that I am asleep when I'm not. Steps shows that I have walked 3220 steps since midnight to include about 50 in my sleep. 😆 And NOW it won't go past the B/P screen - LOCKED UP. 😠 Guess you get what you pay for. 😕
The "Sleep" function doesn't work and the BP is so far off as to be dangerous. Beware!!
Not letting me download watch faces tried to download every single one but none will download.
Notifications are irregular now.. It was working fine before. I did reset but still it's the same.
Add Water Drinking reminder and Watch face edit and upload function please.
wont connect to the band
Cant get the watch to connect to the phone.
Data won't connect with app and no upgrade
it doesnt work
Not sure who to blame the device or the app, but the results are pretty poor. The bp monitor is way off, compared to a medical cuff monitor, worked the first reading, since then it is consistently 4O to 50 points to high.
What a horrible device. The watch takes forever and ever to connect to the app, when it does, when it doesn't good luck. I just wanted a digital device that I could tell time on the rest was a bonus but I don't even get that. It doesn't even turn on to tell time. All it does is look ok. You have to constantly reset both the watch and the app. As I write this review I'm waiting for it to connect and turn on.
Not functional as advertised
Why does the app close itself when I deny it permission of tools that I don't need? I suspect privacy violations. Until you fix that my review will be one star
Needs to update
Pls don't buy this if u r looking for a smart watch. Not impressed one bit. V difficult to operate - no instruction on how to select an optionor even go back. The entire screen isnt touch enabled, just a small strip at the bottom. Couldn't measure my blood pressure or oxygen blood. Feels v light and inferior. Massive waste of money.
Can't change gender
At first i loved the watch but after a few months the only thing it will do is tell time none if the functions work. Disapponted in it
Not functional really a scam
Cannot sync at all between smartwatch B57 and phone
I am giving it a 1 star because that this app works with is extremely touchy and it does not display the correct temperture by far nor does it track your steps.
This app sucks
Horrible
Not accurate!
Not very straight forward
I can't connect to Instagram and Viber
Why did all the watch faces go away and I am now limited to 3?
Data remains the same because the device is not monitoring any activity. I plan to return it for a refund.
Just got the watch today, and it doesn't work at all...
My hero smart watch not working.
Worst smartphone app I have ever tried to use
the watch faces is the problem, the app will hang until I reset the watch again, try and fix it
it will not find my watch this is crazy please fix it I have reinstalled it still nothing
Garbage..... I get it, that you can not reply to text msgs but, at least see what the msg is saying instead of seeing "1 unread msg". But that's what you get for a cheap watch under $40....🤷🏼‍♀️
Doesn't respond half the time
This is possably the worse piece of software I have ever tried to use. It keeps dropping down a notice of how many steps I have taken while I am sitting. No way to disable it. I wrote to email support and got (surprise) no reply.
Can't figure out how to change it to read pounds, feet and inches.
this app sucks the time keeps changing.
Started messing up about 2weeks in!!!
I have been trying for a week to down load the app ive cleard my storage and removed quitt alot of apps on still wont down load can any one help
Just recieved my watch this morning and im so annoyed as i can't connect the watch to this app. I also can't change the date and time. After spending this much on a watch you should be able to connect the watch to this app.
Not easy to use
Doesn't work at all
The app keeps disconnecting. Its annoying
Não está realizando download das faces do smartwatch , o músico player pula as músicas mas não pausabe se tiver pausado não consegue despausar , precisam consertar esse erro urgente .
Can't set up fitbit as it can't locate my watch even though it's sitting beside phone
BP measurement not accurate. Showing higher than actual.
Cant connect my watch b57
Very , very hard to use.
So far I think the strap will not survive 40 hr work week. I wish it had a better options for straps. I think my fellow Americans would be better off throwing the $25 out the window than to buy this watch.You can bet your blood pressure will be up by the time you get the band secure.awful,the band sucks to the highest degree of suckiest.
I can't connect my smart watch why?
Needs to be properly translated to English. No description of how to use some functions, for example "Find my phone". Really unhappy that I need to install such a terrible app just to use my watch. App refuses to start until I allow it to know my location.
Terrible.. i want standard measurments not metric!!!! I can not change it
Does not keep settings for more than 4 days. Have to reset everything.
FU-KING thieves!!! Have been known for STEALING!!!! In today's world, it's selling information to third-party companies, people to anybody for a penny. I installed this app and the next thing I see in my mail are all these spam sites, makes a person wonder, how or where they came from, who would do something like that? HEROBANDIII to the recuse, thanks herobandiii, you're the greatest. Go back to Fu-king china. Shame on the US for not making that thing larger a long time ago.
Junk, unless you want to give up privacy.
Will not connect to phone 😠😠😠
The watch is wrong on everything wrong pressure reading all the time it's not worth the money.
Will not connect with my phone
It doesn't connect!
stinks
nil . will not work with every iPad or tablets
Very poor experience
Watch works for a few days and then crashes, erasing all data. Tired of redoing setup over and over.
It doesn't even connect with the watch! Literally tried everything possible like resseting watch, pairing unpairing BT, uninstalling this app and reinstalling but it never connects the app only shows connecting and never connects! Please do something about this app!
Terrible
I am not able to change the gender from male to female, so it's virtually useless as it was purchased for the sole purpose of being a fitness tracker
watch faces are not changing also notifications aren't being shown on the watch
Bad!!!! Every time turn off the blueooth of my phone.. i will need to re-install the application. After that i can see the notification on watch
Worthless watch plz dont buy this watch waste of money 😭😭😭😡😡😡
Not user friendly
The watch is okay and working but the problem is I can't seem to download watch faces and also change it. The download hangs at 99% over and over again. How can a developer even consider rolling out this kind of app to the public when it has numerous bugs that prevent it from being used the way it should. Please fix this issue.
Its a great app it just needs more rainbow watch faces though😔.
The app doesn't work
In new update b52 smartwatch , watch faces not working ,and it also not showing any picture nor loaded any faces and download
wearing the B57 smartwach for a few days, thought it was going well, but out of the sudden, the data recorded is reset. lost all the data for the passed few days. not a clue what happened…
Keeps on disconnecting !!!
can't get watch to sync
Not satisfied
not satisfied
Having troubles adding my band. it's not wanting to connect to my phone.
I took a nap and still doesn't record sleep
help me....sleep monitor isn't working for my B57 smartwatch
Es muy complicado conectar o emparejar la aplicación con el smartwatch y el móvil y la aplicación de herobandIII
It doesn't work! The app doesn't work, the written instructions don't work, I can't even set the time, so it's worthless as a watch! The website is written in a foreign language, so no help there either. A huge waste of time & money.
Won't let me add the watch Asking for storage Reset does nothing
Did not store data and will now not connect to iPhone. Very disappointed as the watch is great
App has poor English. App is also inaccurate.
Doesn't work on a Samsung S9+. Just stops at App Info page and asking for permissions.
It reads my hr and bp even when the watch i am not wairing it
Won't charge or stay connected to the app, to bad because I love the idea of the app connected to the Smart watch ⌚ disappointed 🙁
App won't stay connected to the watch
Was able to pair my new Popglory smartwatch when I first got it - but then it was using loads of my mobile data and I ran out so I uninstalled the App. Have now got an option to increase my monthly data bundle - but my phone just wont pair with the app or vice versa any more! Bluetooth on and watch switched on!
There's no way that it calculates the correct amount of steps. I literally have walked for five and a half hours taking only a 15 and a 30 minute break. And it says I've only walked 25 steps. There's also no way calculate the blood pressure or heart rate. Basically the only thing I really use on this watch is the time.
Not a bad watch but I couldn't get it to do what I wanted it to do. The exercise stopwatch never worked and I dont plan on playing badminton... not user friendly and not very good support.
Nothing functions
Rubbish app. Been on nights with the watch at home. Got back home from work and according to the watch/app I was asleep for over an hour 0530 to 0700 and had done over 350 steps. That was b4 putting it on my wrist.
Watch wont connect to phone even when bluetooth, gps, and wifi turned on...
Brand new and won't connect to my galaxy note 10. Having issues altogether. Its getting returned
Sucks
Won't connect to my Samsung S8 at all. Restart both. Update. Restart. Junk.
Because of this app. finger sensor of my phone for unlocking is not working. I tried different options to resolve this issue but couldn't. Once I uninstalled, the finger sensor is again started functioning perfectly.
Cant connect phone to the watch
I'm having the same issue as most of the people in here. Worked fine for 2 days and now having issues, the biggest being that the screen doesnt even respond anymore. No customer service or tech support to contact. Kind of ridiculous, would not recommend
It hard to sync your watch to phone
Does not connect with watch.
I brought this watch for my husband and it want let him turn it off it stays on battery runs down I can't take e back to Walmarts it been over 14 days what can I do.
Horrible. Hard to reach customer support.
Cant pair watch is useless
I am not able to connect my watch to my phone. I dont know why. Even camera and phone isn't able to connect with the app. Anyone let me know how can i connect my watch to my app. I have already tried 2 3 times with reinstallation. But didn't work. Help me out please.
Slow and disconnected
Will not connect to Bluetooth at all please help i have a galaxy s10
Would give it zero if I could. Watch worked well for 1 week. Now will not connect at all. I have tried everything. At first I thought the battery was dead but I can't even get the watch to turn on even when it is plugged into a charger. I want my money back!
Still after 1 week the total number of steps per day is inaccurate
Touch screen quit working. Watch was not dropped or damaged. Mother took back 2 new different watches because they don't work. Do not recommend
Not good. Disconnects from phone all the time
Saludos. Tengo un Blue C5L y la única opción que me da es esa pero no funciona en mi celular. Hay alguna otra app que pueda utilizar. Gracias por su ayuda
The watch wont connect to my phone it will say connecting then not connected
Only had this watch for 2 days and now it won't connect to my phone/app. I reset the watch numerous of times and still doesn't work. I've tried that still doesn't connect
Does anyone know if these have sound and if the music players works.
Can't find settings on the watch to set time not user friendly
Can't get the watch to connect to my phone. It sucks. The watch is useless 😒
After a day watch start freezing can't get accurate reading this 😠😡🤬 going take it back
Wont connect to my itech fushion
Will not pair app to watch, making watch useless!!!!
Simply put, It does not work on Android!!! Junk will not connect!
I cannot connect my phone to my watch and it's really frustrating I wish this was as good as I costs
Step your game up, or tuck your chain up! Come on, stop with the jankey 2 mega pixel screen display. You guys are getting there with the look of the watch, but man, the blocky display... My kids smart watch has better graphics and it's a play watch. I guess for the price I can't really complain. This is for sure strictly a work watch for me, but I'm telling ya, if it was a little bit sleek of a look and better graphics I'd rock this thing all the time.
The app and the watch need some improvements. The watch is charged with a clip that slides very easily, causing the charging process to be delicate. There is no button to turn it on, which opens the way for easy malfunctioning. Also, the watch connects straight to the app instead of to the phone. I wish there was a way to turn off all of the background monitoring such as the steps. At the moment, that feature is glitchy.
Today I bought a watch and like 2 hours later the watch froze and I cant use it anymore its just stuck in the charging screen so it was just a waist of my money or if there was just a restart button for the watch..
Watch won't connect to phone do not buy this product. It's a total rip-off.
Cant get messages to work
The watch never pairs and it runs slow I've never had a digital watch run slow!! I can see if you don't give them a good review they won't offer any help makes a lot of sense so I'd say save your money dont buy it for anything just go with a traditional watch or different smartwatch!!!!
I seen all these reviews and I couldn't believe it was true untill now that it happens to me.. and is my 2nd one and I have to do emails and what not to get some solutions is crazy. I send an email like asked, they give me the go around and after so much trying they told me they where going to send me a package to send them back, well we are in November and still waiting. This company is a rip-off.. they make money from people that buy this products and then say" WE ARE SO SORRY" YEAH RIGHT
It will not connect to my phone, what can I do? I have turn on location and all that it ask me to do. Also how do you set time and date
Disconnected by itself after three days and refused to reconnect. The watch is garbage. No videos available to trouble shoot... the company gives "help" suggestions that aren't even relavant. Update... nearly a month later and they want to play email tag without a single suggestion of a fix. I gave asked 2 times now for a refund... but no... they want a phone number in yet another email (after device photos, os run downs, etc in previous messages..like this couldn't gave been asked back on then)
I am having the same issue as another person that wrote a review; I installed the app for this watch when I first bought it and the watch connected to the app just fine, however, when I updated the firmware, the watch will no longer connect... I have tried deleting and reinstalling as well as resetting the watch; still, not connecting. Very disappointed with this product.
To slow by
The app will not download.
Horrible to pair devices.. not easy at all. And when i update apps firmware automatically makes it not work again. Had to reinstall 4 times until i figired it oit amd will not update again. Its supposed to b convienent...yeah right!
Not sure about the app, still checking it out, now the watch is locked up on one screen, can't swipe. Have had it less than 3 weeks. Bug disappointment
My samsung phone Wont connect to my I tech fusion
This is my first smart watch and may be my last. I finally got it to connect and the next day it keeps saying it's not connected. Reset watch, uninstalled app and reinstalled. Nothing. Very disappointed
Way too basic!
I can't get it to turn on i did what the instructions say tap and hold for 3 minutes but nothing happens and I charged it overnight
Only have 3 watchfaces and I can not customize my watchface to put my children on it the way the app said you could do.
Can't even get the watch to sync with my phone.
Want pair
Good
Currently experiencing the same issue as many others. My watch will NOT connect to my phone. I've tried everything, and I've tried it multiple times. I plan on returning this back to Walmart if they'll even take it back. High dissatisfied.
My watch wont even connect to the app
It will not connect to the phone
3 hrs into owning this watch and already won't let me see anything that isnt on its face. Update. Not even 24 hours later the watch has died and the app won't let me try to get into it.
Connected to the watch once. Has yet to ever connect again after it updated the watches firmware.
The watch is useless it wont pair to my phone. It continues to say bandnis disconnected . I give it 0 stars
Too hard to connect!@@
My watch wont connect to my phone
So this watch is not worth the money it works fine and then they put out a firm ware update I don't do it because last time it messed the watch up for connecting to the phone but low and behold if you don't update it it will do it all by its self and mess your app and watch up once again. My advice avoid this watch and get something different these are garbage.
just bought this watch and it won't connect. i tried reinstalling the app and resetting the watch a lot of times and it won't work.
Its keeps disconnecting .
I'm so pissed I wasted my money on this definitely gonna return it . Doesn't connect
Did not work. It wkukd not conne t to the iTech Fusion snart watch
Waste of money. Won't connect to my phone. Notice Itech doesn't even respond to purchasers. Not worth $30 bucks!
Can't connect to the watch. Very disappointed. Will be returning the watch.
I can not get it to connect to my watch it keeps saying searching for watch
Can't sync most apps from phone to watch.
Will be returning tomorrow, i was hoping the reviews i read were wrong but nope! Mine won't connect either. It connected initially, updated software and now just continues searching for watch. This is useless!!!! Don't buy!!!!!
Ever since I updated the watch or app it wasn't able to connect any more.
I don't like it because it won't let me play a game
This is the worst watch. I can't connect to bluetooth. Just buy Apple or Samsung.
Does not stay connected
Does not show notifications like its supposed to
Wont pair..
It doesn't link with my Samsung galaxy A11. This socks I was so excited for nothing.
Doesn't stay connected. Not user friendly
It worked for one day. Then the touch screen stopped working. I cannot even turn it off and back on because it is all through the watch.. :-(
Junk
Wont stay connected to watch
Won't connect to Bluetooth
I cant connect the watch it did once now it won't connect again garbage 😒
I can't get my watch to work right and there is no way to reset it.
The watch doesn't track step accurately. Everything else is fine. I wanted to see how far off the step tracker is and its not just off couple steps its off by 3000 steps.
How are you supposed to sync your phone to the watch
Watch will not connect..
Watch is frozen on screen. Will not shut off. Can't reset because it won't let you go to any menu options. I have read a few reviews that mirror mine. Very disappointing 😕
Had the watch for one week and can't connect to the app. Worst watch and App I would not recommend it. 😪😪😪
The app will not connect with the watch before or after the firmware update. So it is really useless. I would advise anyone not to purchase this product, it is not worth the the money.
Pretty irritated with it. I bought the watch and tried to set it up with the steps. Nothing works. Read in the comments to try to resent my phone, so I did. Still doesnt work! Send in my email and number yesterday still haven't got an answer. What the hell. 😤
It was working fine til now the screen on watch isnt working to my touch to view anything... Restarted it and the app several times... The pairing and syncing works fine... Dont see how to fix the problem, disappointed :-(
Won't pair to my phone very disappointed.
My phone doesn't ring when connected to my watch
Will not connect to phone. Highly upset because I got this as a gift from my fiance and I am not able to use the watch.
Watch sucks. Won't connect
It won't connect to the watch at all! Seriously disappointed with this app and the watch!
It won't pair with my brand new galaxy s20+
Can not connect to my phone. Not happy!!!
Cant connect watch
Awful...cant connect nothing...so really whats the point?
I bought it for someone for Christmas and charged and can't even get it to turn on....very disappointed.
Not coneting
I am currently giving the app one star because it will not connect with the watch at all. I have tried everything I can think of. If someone can help me fix the issue I will change my current review.
Can't connect to the phone
won't connect
CONNECTION ISSUES! It wouldn't let me connect my watch, i have Bluetooth on and everything, yet no connection
Bad and boojie
My watch wont connect
Worked fine for half a day. Wont connect with watch now.
Does not work with my phone.The same thing everyone else going through with this watch.
Frustrating device. I bought it this morning, it paired perfectly fine with my phone. I update it and now not more than an hour later it will not pair.
Watch won't pair with app or phone. Very disappointing!
When you do the update it doesn't connect to your phone it's a waist of money
Had watch for less than a week screen went black. Sucks
Not so great. The day I got the watch and charged it I wore it the first couple days after the watch died I charged it now it wont pair to my phone. It keeps saying an app is needed but i have the app and all permission is on.
App won't even stay paired which makes it useless.
Wont connect . It didnt even come with a users manual.
Does not work properly.
It is not connecting to my phone and it won't even connect to the Bluetooth im tempted to take it back and my money back since nothing works.
Will not connect to the watch
Watch does not work fof Galaxy A51
It does not pair, the screen is not functioning the way it's supposed to. I feel as though they should of never put a product out like this if nothing works. Are you telling me no one from the company noticed all of these negative reviews. And if they did, it's a shame they continued with this disrespectful and sorry excuse for a watch.
I dont get any of this on the app but i want it to work though
Watch stopped connecting to phone after a few hours.
Horrible it will not connect after a forced firmware update
I loved the watch until it lost touch screen capability after only a couple hours. If I have the watch, I want it to be able to function.
I updated the firmware and now the watch won't pair with my phone
Do not connect with watch
Cant get heart rate on watch screen. Difficult app to use to find results for issues. No help anywhere on it. No choices for watch faces...boring.
It will not pair nor get this QR code to detect the app on my phone.
Cant figure it out
I got this for Christmas, now since Friday or Saturday of this month. I can't get the watch to turn on and when I tap it it want turn on. If It can't connect I will take it back and get a refund. I'm not going to rate it yet.
Watch won't connect after update.
Horrible stopped working after the first day!
It is making me 😠
Lost connection to watch now it won't reconnect, will connect to children's phone but no longer mine ( response; I did that and turned watch off still won't connect)
Stayed connected for a day than went to s***. Would not recommend. Will not reconnect to my phone via bluetooth or through the app.
I loved it when I got it for Christmas it worked great now all of a sudden it wont connect to my phone. I uninstalled the app and reinstalled it, reset the watch and nothing. From the reviews looks like this is a common issue. I emailed the email that was posted under some of the reviews and haven't heard anything back yet.
Does not connect
Unlinked after first link and never linked again. Worthless.
The only instructions they give u is how to put it on ur wrist nothing about even turning it on heck the phone doesn't connect to this app
Waste of a 40 dollar watch. Will not pair making this completely useless.
I can't get the correct time on my watch and have tried everything to get the right time.i don't think this watch is worth the money I paid for it
If I could give it zero stars I would. Watch wont connect to app no matter what. Complete trash
It sucks wont connect to watch tried everything possible
App works great. Rated 1 star because my watch's touch screen no longer works, making it pointless for me to even have this watch
Its not letting me change the watch face? On the square? Why? Please fix this
As soon as I update it won't pair this is the second watch I got waste of my money
I had this watch for about 2-3wks, now I'm unable to "add device" tried w/ bluetooth on & off, still nothing, I've reset both watch & phone now this is my end result; I will be returning, very unhappy😡🤬 a waste of $!
The watch is poorly made the technical programming on the watch is garbage nuff said
It will not connect to my phone,but the box said it would. Thanks, cant even return it
Never functional
Can't pair app with device but device is pairing to phone.
WON'T LET ME FIND MY WATCH
Just bought the watch and connected it to my phone when I got home. They synced up for a minute and then I did the update that the app requested I do. As soon as I did that it disconnected and I reset the watch and turned my phone off and on about 4 times and no matter what I do it won't sync up.
Worst
SUCKS
Horrible can not pair with phone
I've had it a day and regret buying it it dont work does not charge well and doesn't stay paired disappointed with this watch
Keeps losing contact.
I'm amazed that so many people can't pair, sync, or keep a Bluetooth connection. Many of us have followed the canned answer from the mfgr claiming to fix the problem, not work around it. This help does not help. Money down the drain. Now I have to buy ANOTHER watch.
Won't connect to my phone bluetooth is on and gps.
This watched worked fine for 2 days now it won't connect. I uninstalled the app and reinstalled but nothing. This is so sad that they would sell these watches when they know that they are having issues.
Definitely needs more work. New watch faces would be nice. Just needs more work in general, but it does work the way it is set up to work.
Couldn't even get the time set.
Not able to pair my device
Not working 😠
Watch wont connect to the app
It will not pair to the phone! Its useless!
Can't get it to pair with phone
won't connect to app
Watch will not link to app, very frustrating no guidance or instructions very disappointed
I can not connect my smart watch on my phone.
My watch does not work
Not working right!!!!
When i first got it yesterday i charged it for a bit and it showed it was charging then it stopped so i assumed it was done. I played on it and set it up and it told me to update so i did. Once i updated i lost connection on it to my phone and havent been able to get it connected again and the watch will not charge! Or atleast i dont think it is bc the screen isnt showing anything.. I even charged it over.night and the watch will not come on. Im so disappointed!!!
Watch touchscreen broke right as the static from my shirt touched it😂
After doing the update out of the box my watch will not connect to my phone at all and its pissing me off, I'm DEFINITELY taking this junk back tomorrow
Really liked the look of the watch. Won't connect to my moto 6e. Please help
My watch won't connect after an update please help
Everything was just fine until for some reason it disconnected from my phone, now it won't connect back to my phone
Will not pair. Waste of money. Byer beware spend a little more and do not get ripped off
I got the watch only for music. This app has no music on it or any music options what's so ever and theres nothin online. Pathetic.
I have this watch for 2 hours. Set up watch to phone it worked. Input all information on app, it worked. Updated app. Will not connected anymore. I tried deleting watch, turning off app., restarting everything and still not connecting. I see a bunch of people have the same problem. You should fix your app. Bugs in it. If anyone can assist me I would appreciate it. If not it goes back to the store.
Can't connect to phone. And because of covid cant return to store either.
Will not connect to my phone
Will not connect to my phone.
This watch and app is HORRIBLE! I updated the firmware on the app(like I was instructed to do) and now the watch WILL NOT connect!! Whoever is behind all this needs to get it together !! IM VERY DISAPPOINTED to say the least!!
I was hoping to buy a watch that would connect to my phone. And it does! But my phone wont connect to my watch.. what a waste of $45
FIX YOUR APP IT DOES NOT WORK IT WILL SAY CONNECTING THEN NOT CONNECTED AND BACK TO CONNECTING
It's a really really really bad watch! I got it on Friday and today is Monday and it doesn't work anymore! Only 3 days If you already bought this watch, just return it! don't waste your money ! I just throw 40 bucks to the garbage
They are bad my dads broke mine won't keep the write time and there not a good watch my watch cant connect to my phone
Nothing works on my app. It linked to my watch but showes no heart rate or sleeping schedule it's all blank. Counted steps in my sleep though.
It does'nt even work
Cant connected my watch to my phone
Will not connect to device no matter what I do. Reviews are not the greatest for this and I should've checked here. Good for kids, not adults...
No useful info to operate watch
This app wont connect with my watch. No matter what I do.
Watch wont pair. It paired before firmware update then wouldn't connect
This app is trash!!!
I cannot connect my watch with my phone, also there is no instructions on how to change vthe date and time once I can figure out how to connect my phone with it.
Does not connect. I've owned this watch for 12 hours. It's going back to walmart.
How to get notifications and call logo has a phone with slash and a red phone can't answer phone calls
The smart watch is not connecting to the phone. I tried everything but nothing worked.
My one plus 7pro can't connect
Wont connect
Not user friendly when setting up. Cannot get watch and app to connect
My watch will not connect to my phone Don't know if the app works or not. I bought one of these itech watches, scanned the qr code from the watch (after charging it) and downloaded this app. Don't understand why it won't connect, EVERY Bluetooth device connects with my phone (it's an S9). Will be returning watch to store and deleting app
Won't let the watch connect at all no matter what. Garbage !
Watch dosnt work witb this app, wactch dosnt work with computer either very dispointed
Will not let me update!
This app does not work!!! Wont sync my watch and s9. I had to download the Q7 app. What the???? Now I dont know if I can change my screen. Ughhh. Get it together please!!
Nothing works
Don't work. Watch doesn't pair
Watch will not reconnect to phone I've literally tried everything
Phone will not connect
For the amount of money that's charged for the watches, the company could provide a much better app. Also, I'm on my 2nd one of theses watches and NEITHER of them work.
tnhis watch quit working less than a week after purcjase. the time is incorrect and i am unable to reset it
Can't get it to connect with watch so the watch is useless. Very upsetting
Crappy
Continues to disconnect and require restarts and info input. Waste of time and money on this product. Counterproductive in effort to track and improve health goals
Wont connect. Crappy
Stuck at connecting and keeps saying needs app...which I have, and keeps saying need to pair on some screens, but shows paired and never connects.
I cant connect my tech watch to my phone. I've waisted money on 4 watches already cause none of them would connect.
Cant get time set correctly on the watch!
Can't get it to sync bluetooth I have Android 9 version still nothing waiting on hold to be helping 20 minute
Watch doesn't connect !!
Poor
Doesn't connect. Returning watch
Considering the watch can't keep time without phone paired all the time, no audible alarm like the box suggests, all else is irrelevant. The app works, it did update the firmware eventually, but the watch isn't smart.
This app is term, I have problems getting the watch synchronized, I'm tired of it already. I will get a real fit bit...this SUCKS!!!!!
Won't let me do custom watch face. I was able to on my old itech fusion but can't for some reason on the square body one
The app won't recognize the watch. I can't reset the time. Total waste of money!
App sucks
I can't get my watch to connect worked for first few days now it won't connect I've tried restarting it and everything still nothing its BS
Won't connect to my watch.
Does very little to help figure anything out
Cant get it to connrct to my watch
Watch isnt loading to app
I can't even pair my watch and phone it is just stuck on connecting. This is absolutely useless now!!!!!! Ughhhhh
Watch keeps disconnecting
Not happy, watch use to connect to my phone but now I can't get it to connect no matter what I do. I've only had the watch for about a week. Can you help?
It wont connect to the device. I've tried restarting my phone. The watch. I have it bbn paired to BT but it wont connect
Won't connect to watch
Device do not pair with the phone. I have been trying and no luck. Very sad......
I cant get most of the stuff to work.
Worthless it won't set time & date. Impossible to contact support. I'm returning it to store.
Well u dont give alot of options lore music or how something works or anything not allowed to do not allowed to be on it for maybe things weren't in Naval do so let me try again
Cannot connect watch with thos app
Refuses to connect with the smart watch.
Worked fine for a day then wont connect to my phone through the app at all tried all the tricks and all the suggested advice and nothing
Phone will not sync
I'll give it 1 star, as there is no option for 1/2 star. It will not identify with my Bluetooth. Well done team! A great piece of tech! (That is sarcasm in it's most sincere form of flattery, by the way...)
Trash, don't waste your money in this!!
Cant connect app watch wont work without it
Bought the watch and no matter what I do it will not link the app and phone despite connected with bluetooth and phone connected! The watch is useless without the app.
The display was bright when I first started using it. Now it's way dark and can't it to go back to bright. Other than that it works fine.
I've done EVERYTHING, I still cannot get the phone to pair with my watch. I have a Samsung A10 e. I'm taking it back so no response is needed but thanks anyway.
App won't let me add watch 😒
Worked after i set it up. I saw it needed an update. Once i updated firmware the watch would no longer connect to app on my phone. Tried multiple times to deinstall and reinstall app/ reset watch. No luck. Save your 30.00 bucks and get somthing a little more well made.
This app doesn't work the way it should, neither does the watch. It says I am asleep, when I am actively awake. It says I have slept 8 hrs, when I have only slept 4. It doesn't track my steps the way it should either. And, I cannot use my music app access on my watch, and there is no access to these apps on my phone app. Highly annoying at best.
I can't get the app to connect to my watch. I have a android 10
Do not waste your money thinking Walmart has a smart watch for $35. It will NOT connect and isn't user friendly. The ONLY plus is that the watch band is comfortable.........
Watch won't connect with the app. Only had the watch a week and I'm already having issues with it.
The app will not connect to my watch
Set up is not easy.. and life is to short to be trying to do down load, and all the set up...thanks anyways
Garbage
It works some of the I can't get them to b pair
My watch would never connect to it
App fails to download after trying for past 2 days. Still stuck on "pending". You guys suck. Give me back my money and you can have your watch.
Bad Azz
The app isn't pairing to my watch at all. The birth date section took 3 min to get it right because the month wouldn't stay on my b-day month. Not happy!
Does not connect to my phone
Nice watch won't connect to my phone. Tried the link you provided in your response and I have already contacted support and because of the volume of tickets, I was told to wait for a response in helping me to get my watch to work with my phone.
Will not connected to my phone I will be taking it back to the stores
The app will not allow my phone to accept the smart watch it will not connect to it
It's pretty stupid I have the same trouble as every other person and It won't connect I think I need to get back to the store this is ridiculous especially for every one else like get it together if someone knows how to fix it please tell me
The app won't even open.
We just I got for husban
Will not pair to my watch I reset it and reinstalled the app and still nothing
It's awesome!!!!
Watch is not syncing to my phone
Won't connect to my fusion at all
Won't let me connect my watch
Won't connect to watch no matter what I do. I've been using it for over a month with minimal issues and then this past week it won't connect at all. Worthless for the 2 things I got it for- telling the time and logging activity.
This app keeps disconnecting from my watch I have to go into the app and disconnect the watch and then reconnect about three or four times a day please fix. UPDATE TO RESPONCE. Did what was said even disconnected eeverything i had but the watch which i never should have to do and it still screws up. Either the app or the watch. One of the two are a pos.
I can't get my app/phone to connect with my watch. Back it goes to Walmart!
Updated firmware and now it won't connect to my phone. Does not even deserve 1 star.
Worked great after first charge. Now the screen won't respond to touch.
Watch quit working after 2 month more Chinese junk
Not impressed with this app at all. Keeps disconnecting and it takes forever to get reconnected and then the watch still won't work right
Useless
Definitely not worth the money out of the box that connected right away 2 days later it disconnected I have uninstalled the app and reinstalled it five times cannot connect the watch at all so it's virtually now just a watch
Can't install app after a few attempts.
paid for lifetime but I do not have access keeps asking me to upgrade and I already did
STOLE 89MB OF MY DATA IN THE BACKGROUND. I only had the app open long enough to sign up and watch 1 video that was under 2 minutes long, before closing the app. Planned to delve into it later until I saw the amount of data used after detecting unusual behavior. For the developer, premium sounds lovely, but your response lacks acknowledgement of an issue, and you do have an issue, youtube and other streaming services don't use almost an entire gig of data for less than 2 mins of video/audio.
Can't even see what the app is about without making an account first. I don't know that I want to go through signing up for something I may never use. Feels like just a scam to collect emails. Pass.
I wanted to edit my review because after having the app for a week or so the tapping videos will not play! I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling. same result. I'm so disappointed because I loved it at first.
App never worked but still billing me every month for last 5 months even after telling them it did not work within 7 days of purchase and that I wanted a refund and to stop billing me. Now told I have to unsubscribe myself but it can't be done as per provided instructions! Aghhhhh
I downloaded the app, but it won't sign in. Have been waiting since yesterday and it still won't sign me in....
I wrote cash grab and now mysteriously my review disappear. Hmmmm
Needs internet and an account.
I giving it 1 star right now because i have a paid monthly subscription currently, and the app isnt letting me use the paid content! it says i have to upgrade to premium, but i did like a month ago. someone please help get this issue resolved...otherwise I'll just cancel the subscription and stop getting $15 bucks taken for zero benefit.
No transparency. The subscription price is not disclosed on tapping solution llc web site. Shady. Feels a bit like bait and switch having to download app to discover cost & not interested in free covid scam related content. Update: for those on a budget or with more time, EFT tapping info & tools are available for free online or at library. Amazon offers short books including tapping scripts addressing a variety of issues while teaching you to create your own tapping scripts for 4.99.
Forced sign up on first access. Uninstalled it immediately.
You can find everything you need on youtube. Not rocket science.
The podcasts are very good but this app doesn't seem to let you download the podcasts onto your storage so you can listen offline - despite paying for the premium service☹️
Never taught The Tapping Solution. Just offered calming pictures to look at while "tapping." Several looked like they were copied right off the Calm App.
Tapping does not work. Look for acupressure or acupuncture to help with your meridian point. Do your research people. Tapping is a waste of your precious time.
ZERO customer service! DO NOT SUBSCRIBE! i was paying for premium but wasn't able to access it through the app. it was hard to find their customer service contact info, but i searched online & found one. they replied only to ask me for feedback on what version i was using so they could improve their app. nothing about getting me access to what i was paying for. three days later i sent another email about getting my access ... a week later, still nothing. I'm super disappointed.
Not paying for an app that was advertised as always free
Somewhere on the app that I installed it said "all free all the time". But lo and behold now it's nowhere to be found. Are you enjoying the fortune you have made from what was actually intended to be free? Thanks Ortner family. Think I'll stick to the original Gary Craig, as well as MANY of the other masters that were around LONG BEFORE you babies were.
Unable to use since it will not complete sign up. I am tech savvy. This app is not do much. Very dissatisfied.
Ripoff, there's no way to cancel the automatic subscription. I'm reporting this as fraud to my credit card company.
Very frustrated ...can't access any of the sessions ...I think this could really help if I could access the sessions if not resolved in a couple of days I will have to cancel....rating 0 at this point
Can't try without logging in. The first thing you need to do is give your details, before you have tried anything at all. So if you don't like the app, that's another company with your details, and you with no control. Nope, deleted without trying it. Enough data mining.
Not helpful unless you pay... leaves you hanging.. not good for a depressed person.
Pay to play
Annoying pop up notifications. Nice app but constantly popping up desperately saying 'buy me', even after blocking notifications from it. Only bother if you want to spend money, then maybe it'll shut up.
App doesn't work. Upgrade hasn't allowed access to library 😔.
Let me start by saying tapping is great and this app WAS helpful. Unfortunately I had to cancel my subscription and uninstall the app because it would no longer open and constantly crashed in the background. I wrote tech support and provided detailed information but they were less than helpful and could only provide basic assistance like rebooting my phone. They ignored my question of pausing my membership since I got it at the promo price so I just gave up, cancelled and uninstalled.
What casual link is there between tapping and well-being? None! This is utter nonsense, quackery, snake oil rubbish.
I have had the Unlimited access since it first was available, but have never been able to transfer it to the app. I have to do everything online, off the app. It should automatically recognize my email and allow the upgrades I actually paid for... so... 1 star.
I'm supposed to be on a free trial and I can't listen to anything Every time I try to I have to upgrade
None of the meditations are working. I tap "play" and the picture of the woman appears but nothing happens.
The app does not always open. Meditations won't start and have to reinstall often. That's a bummer when I really need it to be reliable in times of stress. Hate paying monthly when it isn't always working.
Tapping for Australia? You should be disgusted with yourself
Stated free but this is just for 14 days
I initially downloaded the app as I thought the meditations from the 7 week weight loss course would be provided on the app. However, they were not and now I have automatic subscription fee for "Tapping Support" that I am unable to cancel as the app's subscription does not appear on my Google Play app. I would like my subscription cancelled as I am no longer using the app.
This will not install tried many many times. No one can seem to fix it
If I could choose 0 stars I would. This is hands down the WORST app I've ever downloaded. I have a Samsung Galaxy s8 and the problems with this app have been endless! I am currently still subscribed after paying the monthly fee, (they would not refund even though the app doesn't work), and even with a paid subscription I cannot access my downloaded meditations because that function is locked. It says I need to subscribe?! Downloads are impossible to get too, wasted heaps of data for nothing.
All free apps are only if you join for 7.99 . Doesn't sound free to me.
I was so hopeful, I really wanted it to work. Tapping does not work at all for me. I've tried & tried. Wish there was someone to actually speak to.
This app always stops suddenly when I am checking out the options to tap. I am very disappointed about it
Everytime I restart my phone this app prompts me to upgrade I already paid and have contacted customer service numerous times extremely frustrating
i really wanted to start doing this tapping but when I seen you had to start paying for it I was disappointed. So I uninstalled it.
Downloaded app but there are no meditations or sessions I could find.. uninstalling
The app seemed wonderful until I went to cancel the free trial and I can't determine whether it's canceled or not. It's expensive.
They don't give you any way to cancel your trial.
Monthly charges keep reoccurring even after cancelled. Bought trial misleading says per year.
Downloaded the app, was looking forward to using it and find the main thing I wanted to tap on locked and I have to pay to upgrade. Hate being charged or tried to for something that is supposed to be beneficial. Not very satisfied.
limited and useless
until I didnt want to continue after my year was up it was ok. but now I've been turned off even though i paid through april 2020.
I really love this app but when it malfunctions and says I did not subscribe to premium when I have proof I did and it keeps doing this makes me frustrated. I just want access to what I paid for.
I wish I could give this a zero. Will not down load 4times trying to do so I tried again it is still acting up not allowing me to install
You can't use the app without creating an account, but it's not at all clear from the app itself why you would need an account.
It's all based on pseudoscience.
Subscribed and then app does not give you access and asks you to upgrade again. Rip off.
I have heard great reviews about this app but have yet to drive deep into it. The tutorial videos constantly buffer making it extremely frustrating to watch and listen. Please assist. I was looking forward to loving this app and learning an effective method to emotional freedom.
annoying to not be able to access what you paid for. every month after take autopayment next day says upgrade. Logged in out..install uninstall still can only access free tapping not my library. To reupgrade is higher cost then my current plan. looks like scam to get more money out of you. considering dumping app! This month took yearly fee not authorized they fixed & monthly fee still cant use except free meditations so frustrating and would not recommend!
Says you can sign up with Facebook but I can't
whenever I try to see a free module it says done and that I went from zero to zero
You have to sign up for an account
the app is now not working
I've tried to download it three times with full nars, it takes forever, so I quit
Install fails every time I try to download app.
The WORST! This is an app that I pay monthly for yet it doesn't even work. Don't waste your money.
I love Nick & Jessica's work but I was very disappointed by this app. Even after you are forced to create an account, there's no real info. There is no visible free content, no transparency regarding what you can get, cost etc. I uninstalled. Much rather stick to Internet searches on the subject.
I open nothing there??
I want to cancel and I want you to stop charging me effective 3 months ago.
App will not download or install
Does not work. Videos dont play. I reinstalled and it still does not work
I was really excited when I found this app, Unfortunately, it won't even open on my phone. It crashes immediately. I hope it's up and running soon. I look forward to trying it.
Just trying to get started with tapping after attending some of the summit courses. Took several attempts to download and everytime I attempt to open it crashes :( would love to actually use the app.
Thank you for reminding me of guilty association.
I have downloaded this app twice now and each time it won't let me sign up, it just keeps thinking about it and hangs and doesn't go through. Does this not work on android? I have a Samsung galaxy s9, and this app isn't working for me.
Rubbish and Useless applications
Really needed this app tonight. And it won't work.
Poor..I am trying to cancel my subscription..they make it impossible! I truly regret signing up to pay 19.95 for this app!
I cannot download this app. Google Play keeps stopping. Google? Junk !
I object to having to sign up before even seeing what the app is offering, it is a terrible ploy to use. therefore sorry but uninstalled straight away
May work well for others but triggered a flashback & panic attack for me.
I have uninstalled this app because you have to register just o use it.
Have to Upgrade to get anything worthwhile...check out Brad Yates instead
thought I would try the app. I must have misunderstood, I thought there was access to 20 scripts without signing up. I don't have that access, wants my info right away. I have a Droid.
What was once an open handed and generous sharing of knowledge on the Tapping Solution's websites BLOG (in harmony with EFT's spirit) is now only available through a paid subscription. So I upgraded and paid for the monthly Service, but the App will not let me use any of the paid meditations. I spent much time trying to resolve this issue to no avail. So after 2 months of PAID service I canceled. UPDATE: Now that I've cancelled my subscription the App keeps crashing.
I really wanted this, I really needed it, but you just put more stress on me, I'm disabled and I have no income, I got foodstamps, I was hoping this would help me with my chronic pain, my fibromyalsia, my depression, anxiety, phobias and loneliness, but I can't buy the app and I think that's very cruel, because if you really cared to help you would have this app free!!!
I purchased a year membership . 2 months later my phone completely crashed , so i had to buy a new phone. My year subscription that i payed for wont transfer to my new phone. When i sent a email to find out why , i was told that iphone apps and Android apps are not compatible. So now i have to repurchase a membership and im out the money i spent on my original membership. Very disappointed.
Cuts off at the beginning every time. Haven't managed to do any
cost to much for every month
Refuses to download. No problem on my end. I just downloaded 10 apps and I still have plenty of storage. Did all of the Troubleshooting i could find too. There's something wrong on your end. Which really sucks.
Seems like it is free, but you have to pay for downloads.
Seems like a scam.
I would give more points if this was not so extremely expensive for a little phone app.
Yeh. Nah. Have to login, blah blah blah. Offered free options but need to signup. Then, couldnt login. Tried numerous times. Complete waste of time.
No way to try the app without first signing up and giving them your info. I am sure that the developer can create a guest account for people to try some contents. Uninstalling without even trying.
how is this rated a 4.5 if no one has participated... At least before I rated the app!... And how can anyone know anything about any app until they've tried it??... I will give it an honest opinion after I've tried it... First we'll start at 1
I paid for a yr full access. The app worked for a little while. Had to keep logging in and out, uninstalling and reinstalling, sometimes I got back full access other times I did not. I have not gotten back full access. They are saying it doesn't work for Android, but it did, that's what I have! No luck with getting a refund.
Well, I was downloading this application but I read in the comments that I'll have to open an account too. I'm not going to do that even though I read a lot of positive comments here.
The app does not function effectively in the evening and will stop in the middle of a meditation.This is most frustrating and even more so when this happens repeatedly....wasting my time and energy.
Not enough relevant free sessions to even know if purchasing the upgrade is a good idea.
Can't get anything to work
far too many wayyyy over the top reviews using Wonderful, Brilliant, Fantastic and all such words . Looks like a scam. Then there's a 50% discount yet still EXTREMELY expensive. Fishy and suspicious. it might work but ......
Overpaid. Not impressive at all. I want my money back
Videos keep freezing. I can't even get through the intro!
Have not been able to get anything to play other than intros. Tap play and I get the 'Done' screen after a brief lag. Have tried uninstalling and reinstalling with no different outcome. Disappointed I cant give the sesions a real try and i have used daya of my free trial on this "no experience" experience due to app errors.
I was so UP about doing this UNTIL I found out you have to create an account. Come ON..why? If you have a good product there is no need to lock customers in for any reason. Although you will say this or that about an account, I hold to my convictions about when something is offered that is a good product, that is the bottom line to keep me coming back.
Uninstall. Free meditations can be repeated however the option to rate level at start has been taken away once it has been done...
cant even log in to app install, unistalled, still doesnt work, recommended great app but sorry to say i feel otherwise
I downloaded the app a few hours ago, and I paid for a year..... The app keeps on buffering it talk for 30 sec then buffers for one minutes, I just went on different app and it's not my internet because my other app work great....... Ridiculous, Myrele McGuinty Ont Canada
To download the 14 day free trial you have to provide a payment method so i did not install the app.
First thing app did was ask for my info. Then asked for credit card info! Now they have my email address! When you don't tell me that up front, i don't care how cool your app is, you get 1 star ⭐ and you get UNINSTALLED!
Charged after free trial, but won't allow me to access any of the programs
When you first get in and hit a wall to pay without being able to test in the area of concern it's a turn off. 10 minutes after el, deleted.
This app made me feel more irritated and anxious
Wont play. Even on upgraded trial.
You need to sign up for an account before you can even look at what the app contains. It might be a useful app, but I'll never know because I'm going with an app that lets me evaluate its usefulness. When you're looking at a number of apps to find one that's useful, you don't have a lot of patience for the ones that make you create accounts before you can even look at it.
Really doesn't help much of anything. I was already doing tapping before using this app so paying for something that really doesn't help or work makes no sense whatsoever. Canceled subscription after using only a few minutes. Not worth paying almost $100 for a yearly subscription. Uninstalling app as well.
They charged my card for a year without my consent. I never used the app. I downloaded the free trial
No need to pay for eft technique theres free videos on YouTube
Had the app for a year Now it's been blocked and won't work Tried to reinstall no luck Thought some taps were fre now nothing Suddenly was turned off A real bad rip
No. Can't use without paying, not much good here. Obviously people are stressed out and need tapping but also resources are tight. Why gauge is for more $$? Done with you.
I installed the app and logged in, but the screen gets stuck on the signing in part. I had to uninstall. I'd love to try the app if this is ever fixed.
I have tried downloading this for a few weeks, and it doesn't do anything
it doesn't work, even using correct data I'm not able to access.
Does not function
Terrible. I wish I had looked into this before the G6 was prescribed for my child. Requires 3 separate apps and the most important one is constantly losing connection. The G6 app kind of works with Pixel 3 but not at all with Pixel 4 (unless you create a hacked version) even though both phones are on the same Android update. If we weren't forced into using it, I'd easily drop this mess and move on to something that actually works.
Requires signing up again with Dexcom. USA is not an option for where you live. Requires password each time app starts. Not compatible with password keychain.
I can't get this to work. I have a Samsung Note 10 Plus. It's a new phone so my phone should be new enough for this to work. Can someone please help?
Customer in Germany. App will not recognize my username or password. Continuous username not recognized/password invalid error messages. The main Clarity EU website works but the Clarity app doesn't work at all, even after multiple uninstall/reinstalls. Extremely frustrating! Called DexCom support, still no solution. I'm using a Galaxy Note 9. Please fix the issue!
It doesn't download.
dexcom is terrible go with any other cgm
STAY AWAY FRO THIS APP!  This app is complete garbage. It will only work on an Apple or Samsung phone, so if you don't have one, you have to buy one. Dexom claims this app works on Android O/S, bull, it does not. It also will not pick up the receiver at all, no matter what you do. Case in point: I was able to Bluetooth into every piece of machinery my doctor has in her office, ALL OF THEM except the Dexcom receiver. The IT guy for the clinic worked for an hour to try and get the receiver to be seen to no avail.  Don't waste your time on this app. Do some research and choose a CGM that backs up their products, Dexcom sure doesn't
Really annoying and stupid that I need 2 different apps.
I cannot get past the login page.
I would never recommend this app. It is the furthest thing from user friendly and even working with my doctor's office we could not get it to share my information. The Dexcom 6 was supposed to make life easier for me but it is basically just a giant headache because it is so difficult to share my information.
wont accept my login. i went to my account online and my username and password work fine but not in the app. Big waste of time!
Worthless
God Help you if you try seeing up the app workout first scanning in the sensor or transmitter.
Worthless list of supported devices.
Account login annoying and unnecessary. What, are you going to monitor my phones activity too? App doesn't recognize my correct login information and didn't get email to log in yet. Need to clarify on the app that app login is not the same as Dexcom shipping login that users might already have. Not clear how to connect to cgm if you need to at all. Does it do that automatically?? And then days after STILL NO DATA and not even a clue as to how to make it work
Very limited App even though is for medical data purposes, is Not keeping up to date in comparability with most Android devices in the current market, Not up to date.
Does not run on Note 9, spoke with support extensively, no resolution. Almost a year later still doesn't work even though the app is listed as compatible on the Dexcom site. Get your dev team together Dexcom, or maybe fire them and get one that can actually code and fix bugs. This is ridiculous.
Out of date
Please allow android phones access to be compatible with this app. I have a Samsung Galaxy S5 phone and can't install. I have to bring my device to the doctor's office to download. I'm not a favorite with the front desk staff and it makes me look irresponsible. Just saying.
App doesn't work I can't get past login checked comments and find no way to change language
When I try to generate reports,  the app tells me "no data to generate report" why is the app not collecting my data? The Dr's office generated a code to start using this app... So why is it not working???
I've been waiting for my phone to be compatible with my dexcom g6, it's been over 6 months and still nothing... I've called numerous times and made complaints etc.. It's not fair to need the info on my dexcom and not be able to get it... Please help and fix the problem asap.. Thank u..
Can't Input sensor code to connect my phone to the sensor. Not worth installing
Awful considering the vital role Clarity has sharing my CGM data with my hospital. Every day without fail i get a network error despite the phone being constantly online. The only way to get it back is to go into the app settings, force it to close, clear the cache and system data then restart and authenticate from scratch. Very poor indeed but my guess is you have no option other than putting up with it if you use Dexcom CGM and need to share your results
Kept getting error message. Would not let me create account.
24hr graph does. Not report gluclose
Thinks I'm in another country. Opened a support ticket with no call back.
Not scrolling 50 + years a month at a time. They should have left field open to type it in. There programmers definitely didn't have to use this product not user friendly
Dexcom should be ashamed of all their services. Useless apps that work on many devices, useful apps for just a few phones, opaque instructions and requirememts, lack of repacked battery in transmitter so you need to throw it away. this company exemplifies everything wrong with the health care system.
The app is buggy and crashes, and that's if you can log in, and when you can login will not show the data you have uploaded.
Useless cant log in to my account at all
very unstable. does not retain or remember the pssord.Come on Dexcom sort it out. G6 is Brilliant! Clarity is awful.
Won't let me login! Works fine if I'm on their site, but everyone I try to login to the app it says my username is unknown, so frustrating!
Loved this app with my old phone. Wish it was compatible with my new Samsung 20 FE. Please update compatibility soon!
Does not work. Tried reinstalling. Tried a different phone. No app support is available.
Unable to upload reports to view or to send to Dr.. No instructions or steps included with Dexcom g6. Only to download app. I already have and have changed sensor.
The app doesn't work on my note 8. I just get a blank white screen. I contacted dexcom with no luck. Guess they don't care. May have to try xdrip though I'd rather use the dexcom apps.
Wouldn't update. Only gave me two days of numbers, and wouldn't ever go past the same two days. Gave it a month, and still nothing. Not worth taking up space on my phone for an app that does ZERO things!!!
Clarity only displays data from one year and six months ago and I can't get it to update. The desktop version does the same. I can't find any help or relevant FAQs online.
Awful. Trying to connect with doctor. Have the code, but keeps cannot put in birthday, have tried several times and it just resets to june 3rd. Cannot type it in. Cannot generate reports for the doctor. HELP!!!!!!
The app stopped allowing me to login even though my information hasn't changed. It's switched regions without any way to switch back.
Does not work with later gen Samsung phones
This App and the dexcom G6 do not work with the Samsung Galaxy S+ or S Ultra. It is so retarded Dexcom does not care enough to make sure their device is compatible with the newer smart phones. I had to replace my phones because my Samsung Galaxy 9+ didn't work.
This appears to beapp is a scam. It accepted all my personal data and then none of it's functions worked
What's the point. With the G6 app not working with any of the newer Android phones & Dexcom taking forever to update it's apps, doesn't seem like it's worth while to even use this app. All compatible devices are over a year old & not what customers want. It took Dexcom less than 6 months to update their app to work with iPhone 11. I've called customer service, but nothing. As of now I can't provide critical information to my medical team. Epic fail!
Cant log in through app. Can login on computer but the app refuses to sign in and just takes me back to the login sign everytime. Very frustrated i got the app to keep an eye on my numbers. No good if it cant work
Why doesn't Google Smart lock passwords work with your app? Every time I need to use the app I have to enter the login info manually. How can I use the app if I can't log in?
Cannot login! Won't accept my username which is connected to my Dexcom account and then it will not let me reset my password , it keeps glitching. I then tried using the website too and had the same issue. After searching online it's clear I'm not the only one.
Cannot get any reports horrible app
Cannot set up Clarity. My phone doesn't support the G6 app either.
can't connect to my phone
I got the app all setup and info input easily. No results. No info after more than 2 wks. Pointless to have downloaded.
Does not work with Samsung Galaxy J7. It's says it compatible Dexcom site 
but when to try install says it is not compatible.
Dexcom does not support the majority of Android devices and offer no compatibility updates. Upgrading from a Pixel XL to a Pixel 4XL means I can no longer use the app. Many calls with Dexcom revealed that they have no interest in Android support.
App is not combatable with my new Moto3 Z play. Very disappointed ☹️
USELESS DOES NOTHING EVER
I'm another one who can't get it to log in. Worked on my old phone but not this new one. At a guess, I think it's trying to log in through the US server which doesn't work for the rest of the world. Shouldn't be that hard to ask where you live and connect to the correct server. But it worked fine before.
Terrible this only works on Android 9. I would have to downgrade my phone to get it to work.
Updated app does not update to give weekly stats. It is not compatible with the Samsung A50,
This is an awesome concept and It will be nice when its mainstreamed. In the meantime I'm glad to use it and not have to keep pricing. However it would be bettrt if #1 this page published what phones it will or won't be compatible with and #2 i don't use a laptop - just my phone (which BTW is NOT compatible - LG V20) so I'm not sure there's any point to install on my phone. Useless???
App doesn't work
Don't bother downloading! It DOESN'T WORK!
I've tried multiple times to set up an account. When I enter my email it says I already have an account. When I try to reset my password it doesn't send me any emails. So, this app isn't of any use to me. My G6 sensor doesn't even display the information I input, like meals, insulin, etc. The G6 app doesn't work on my phone, so this system isn't doing me much good.
Does not allow login. Seems to use the wrong server (prefixed by uam1, whereas on the pc it is uam2).
It sucks I can't get this app to even work on my phone
Cant use it onmy phone
I was horribly disappointed in the app. I couldn't get past it telling me that it was installed.  Useless,. I was really upset. My endocrinologist couldn't get it to work either.  You really need to rewrite your software.
App doesn't work at all on Samsung Galaxy Ultra Note 20.
What a horrible app. Have tried downloading but it doesn't work. G6 is OK at best. I am going to the Tslim pump. If I was not going to a pump , I wouldn't change CGM to DexCom. Freestyle Libre gets 10 stars for function , ease of use, and software. Really disappointing. Tom Davis
They won't work with folks who needs help getting a receiver when you can't afford one
It needs to work on more phones
Very user unfriendly keeps coming up error can't get sharing code,just won't work.waste of time.
Why can't dexcom G6 have an app effort my Android phone. Can't download to computer. So annoyed.
Without an uploader, this is useless. I have the old version receiver, and need to upload to see my history. There is no uploader for Chrome, and my old Windows machine is not long for this world. Fail.
Difficult to set up. Still have not figured it out
I managed to use this app fine on my previous phone, but for some reason I can't log into my new phone! I hope someone can shed light as to why it doesn't recognize my accent. In able to log into the account on the website. Language on my phone is already set to UK, went through tech support 2x which could not help, disappointed at the lack of a way from Dexcom to resolve this :( UPDATE: I ended up deleting caches&data on my old phone as well as the app,and now it works on my new phone.....
Does not work on my android.
Every time I open this app with Dexcom sensor. It locks my LG v 40 up I have a hell of a time getting it to reboot after.
I have tried on Samsung Galaxy S7 & S10 and this app has NEVER recognized my login info on either phone. Works great on laptop, but I don't carry my laptop around with me. Useless. Uninstalled. Again.
this is really poor. good idea at a way of giving mobility to the clarity website. but get the cookie banner to disappear as its on a device... ive installed it. i accept! and save usernames and passwords. so frustrating. can't even use samsung pass for example. this is a great mvp! productionise!
It sucks
Compared to xdrip this is archaic. Please expand usage to android phones, claims it is compatable with Google Pixel phones. Customer service tech couldn't even get it to work. Useless app for us.
Dexcom has failed AGAIN. This app does not work on my Samsung Galaxy a10. Why didn't they make that clear before my insurance company paid for this useless CGM.
it's great at displaying the information from months ago, can't get it to show current info or even info from the last several times I've uploaded the data from my cgm receiver.
The app does not recognize my correct Dexcom login information and will not allow me to log in.
ios
App itself is slightly better after the update but for the love of God can you sort out the bugs in the login screen? I have to log in every single time, andy saved details from Google passwords don't work so I have to type in my details every time I open Clarity. Super annoying and a load of extra unnecessary work for the user!
The app wouldn't connect to my account. Pretty useless if I can't even use basic functionality (BAG readout and such) because of this error. Glad I got the receiver as well... I would hope y'all didn't code that error in, just so people have to buy the receiver too.
The app keeps stoping on my android. Smart phone if the makers would fix this
I do have a question when I open the app and pick to view reports, it won't let me view anything past July 20Th. How do I update the dates for this?
Garbage. The sensors work very well, the transmitters work (although the rundown batteries are a bit of a scam) but this app is just too hard to get onto and get going. Can't seem to sign in... after multiple attempts. This should be simple.
A CGM app should do more than spit out reports. If I want a tool to use as receiver backup I need a second app. Which also has poor ratings.ake one really good app, please.
Is not compatible with LG V60 and IPhone 7
Unable to change effective date
I can't get my phone (android) to find it in my Bluetooth therefore I cannot use it.
Not working in EU. Doesn't recognise my existing account and if I try to create a new one the only country selectable is USA
App does nothing. Has not updated past Oct 2020. No explanation on how to use this app.
Won't pair with my Google Pixel 2 phone even though the company states it is compatible. Went through troubleshooting and was sent a new transmitter and sensor. New transmitter and sensor pairs within minutes with the receiver but times out during pairing with my phone. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app on my phone. I have powered my phone on and off and nothing works. This is extremely frustrating and disappointing
Why isnt the app compatable with an LG phoneix 5?
doesnt load or work
doesnt work well at all. really wish dexcom would hire real programmers.
Unable to set up user account. Tried 15 times and am not able to get an email back to verify ANYTHING.
Horrible. Never works
Hi again! It is not true what you are saying. Both my account and my region are in E.U. but still I cannot log in. When I want to reset the password, the U.S. link is loaded (I don't need to reset it, but was the only way to find out on which server I was trying to connect). Old review: please add an option to switch between U.S. and E.U. servers. I cannot login on the app since it takes automatically the U.S. server
The worse punishment Aetna put me through is switching me from my Freestyle Libre to this Dexcom nightmare. What a mess! Who allowed this product on the market with so many glitches? I need to know my levels and have no idea. Most of the day, I'm in complete darkness. I will be begging my insurance company to switch me back. My life and that of others depends on it.
Would be nice if your app was compatible with all phones! It's completely worthess on my year old phone that according to your techs isn't on the compatibility list.
will not let me log in
I cannot view any reports, says data is missing. Strange, online I can see 
my data in reports. POS app if I've ever seen one. Totally useless
I have a new Samsung A10e android and none of the Dexcom g6 apps work on here. I called before buying the phone to see if it works with the apps. Was told yes and after purchase find out after downloading apps it's not compatible. When are you going to get androids using these applications?
Very bad APP
App just doesn't work. I can't even get past the login page. As I've used the username and password to authorize sending the information to my doctor via web, I know I got those right. Just in case, I attempted to get a reset email to my email address, and it was never received. Something just isn't working with the app and there isn't even an option to send you guys an error report. Also - the very fact that this app is not built into the basic CGM app is the opposite of user friendly.
Extremely buggy. Loses state if you turn off your screen or switch apps. Can't use a password manager for any logins.
Seems like a great idea, but why is the end date so far back? I got my cgm 11 days ago, but the summary time frame ended 10 days ago, meaning it is showing my average for 1 day instead of a week.
Too much!!! Thats all i know ti say.
Doesn't recognize valid login details
Still no Pixel 4 support for the G6, so this app doesn't work either. The Pixel 5 is close to release, and DexCom still can't manage to verify that the Pixel 4 works. And what's there to verify? Bluetooth connectivity? Are you kidding me?
Like every App from Dexcom not work on Android. Dexcom G6 neither. 😡
Wont allow me to log in, redirects take you nowhere, hard to get support on phone. The other apps not compatible with Motorola
Once again...for as advanced as the G6 is, the app should be compatible with more than just the "latest" IPhone. I have Samsung Fold and was sad to find it wasn't compatible. Only 20% of population has an Iphone. The receiver reminds me of a flip phone I had 10 years ago. Please update for MODERN Android phones.
If there was a lower rating it deserves it. The app does not work with my LG Stylo 5. Dexcom says just get a new phone. And the Dexcom 6 CGM......Sucks. Dexcom...... I looked at your list you do not offer a version fir my phone. I reached out to your tech department and their answer was telling me to buy a new phone. I am glad you care about customers. I have asked my doctor for a prescription for another different company other than you.
I've attempted the download 4 times and each time it just starts over.
App is trash. I simply want to be able to get info about my son without being in bluetooth range. Can't you make a receiver that connects to WiFi? Then it can relay info to me or my wife when we are not with our child?
I couldn't get it to work. It won't let me create a new account . Sad.
This is not running on my phone an I can't get anyone to help me.
Doesn't work with latest Android 10. What a joke. Will be asking for full refund to go back to trusty freestyle libre.
The app supports only users from the US server (uam1). if your dexcom account is in EU server (uam2) you wont be able to login. Dexcom has to add a feature that would let you choose between the EU server and the US server inside the application.
I don't know what that is
Unless your smartphone is on the Dexcom g5/g6 compatibility list, you CAN NOT, use this app. Instead you can use XDrip+. I had to give this app one star, in order to inform the public, of Dexcom's screw up. NOT ALL OF US CAN AFFORD A HIGH PRICED SMARTPHONE. I even contacted Kevin Sayer, Exec. Chairman of the board of directors, President and CEO of Dexcom, about this problem. I got NO response. I'm just a poor military veteran. I guess I don't matter to a CEO, Pres., of Dexcom.
Does not get information from receiver or transmitter. Your phone app only gets the records you've already uploaded to the computer. That doesn't help at all. So, you need to carry the receiver wherever you go anyway. What's the point of installing this app if it can't give me real-time data?
Can't even log into it and no useful error message
I like it but every time i try to put username and password.
gotta agree with the others xdrip for the win. dexcom has lost touch with its customer needs and only cares about preventing lawsuits. dont believe me. uninstall the app and reinstall the app and look how many times you have to acknowledge EVERYTHING. PI attorneys and stupid (not ignorant) people suck. if you feel hylo and your cgm is telling you that you are hyper dont treat the high until you get a true finger stick. i dont have to be warned about this every single time
really pissed that I was not made aware that I needed to download this app too in order for my dr to see my data! and what's with not being able to manually enter data of birth?! I had to scroll through the months for 3 minutes to get to my date of birth!! what a stupid app!!!!
Don't bother downloading. Doesn't recognize my Dexcom account so is unusable. I can't log in. When I contacted the company they suggested I use the web rather than the app as it doesn't really work! Says it all really.
Doesn't link with account.
Sucks bad! NO SUPPORT FOR MODERN PHONES! STAY AWAY! FAR AWAY!
I can't connect the app to my G6
Nothing displays on app. Useless even dexcom receiver is useless shows no information either
Cannot sync any reports to share my doctor.. I spoke to a support person for over an hour and could not resolve the issue. She was stumped, even asked supervisor who couldn't answer.
Wish my phone was compatible!!!
TOTALLY USELESS I GOT THIS TO BE ABLE TO TRACK BG BUT ITS IMPOSSIBLE TO GET IT TO WORK. A TOTAL WASTE OF TIME AND MONEY. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT.
US residents only
Bad
Total joke. "Clarity"... More like the exact opposite. Can't really do anything with it other than view data from some mysterious source that they don't explain. Still seems to require their own receiver? No idea. Dexcom: you are going up against xDrip, a full featured app. Write something better if you want to have a chance.
It doesn't work with my phone. According to the developer, it may take several months to get the software to work on other phones. It has been more than 8 months since I have had this phone and I complained to tech support about it. So my review still stands.
Please help me to download the app on my Samsung Galaxy S20 Ultra. I really need it. Thanks.
I only want a view version of the reports. I don't want to have to download each time. PS. PLEASE update DEXCOM G6 to be compatible to ANDROID 20FE phones!!
i can't get this app to work..I'm a parent, not the patient. i use dexcom follow to track my daughter and the instructions for clarity are for a receiver which we do not have. we have dexcom g6 and use mobile device for readings and cannot see anything past 24 hours? i use a Samsung note 8 and my daughter has an iPhone 7+ .
won't except my correct email as valid address
Does not work at all! How do we connect to receive data? Reports state data is missing. Where is the G5 app?
what is up with the website? it's been down for me for well over a month. every time i try to upload my info to my computer, the log on screen turns black. reloading doesn't work.
The app does not accept my login and passwort. I did reset the password, but I was still unable to log in. Customer service has no clue what else can be done. Really disappointing
Doesn't work!
First setup screen is not displayed.
Worked well with galaxy s7 but doesn't work with my new phone galaxy s10x not happy about this and had to update my phone. Will need to use something else to monitor blood sugars because of this or be charged to keep my old phone active along with the new one a few of 36 a month. They need to get there but in gear to fix this issue or they poor dexcom is gonna lose a lot of business. This is my life line I depend on this for my survival everyday. Issue needs fixed asap.
Incompatible with one of the newest phone's available? Stupid. Also to send me to a site that tells me...guess what...it's still not compatible. Lmao.
How am I supposed to use my phone as a back up receiver and let other people know my trends when I'm not old enough to set up my own account? That seems a bit ridiculous.
Have wrong date and can't change it.
Can not set correct date. This is 2020, app date is 2018 Does not sink with g6 meter. Can not get any reading does not update very poor app. Would not suggest this app to anyone.
wont let ne log in with my username and password i use on my pc..
Won't even connect to the pump! this app is garbage!!!!
Does Clarity only work with the G5 and G6 app? Does not state in the app description. And related but unrelated, why did your apps work with almost every iPhone and iWatch made, but the Studio software isn't compatible with iMac's? So, your apps aren't compatible with my LG V30+, and the software isn't compatible with my Mac. How am I supposed to get the data and reports to send to my doctor? This is extremely upsetting and frustrating since in order to stay qualified for my CGM, I HAVE TO SEND THEM REPORTS.
I also can't log in. My details are correct but it won't work. I can't even use it.
I have a LG V30 ...cannot download!
phone isnt compatible...wish it was
Terrible still can't use spent 45 minutes
it won't actually upload bg readings. It is a replacement for the clarity website that isn't even as good as the website it's supposed to replace. Would give fewer stars if I could.
Got the latest and greatest Samsung Galaxy s20 and dexcom isn't compatible wth?
I have installed this app and it's not reading my sensors I don't know what's going on or how to use it I can't get any of the apps to work on my phone. I'm working with the group called level two and the only one that they work with the app is one that's not compatible with my phone this is the only one that's compatible but I can't tell if it's reading any of the sensors so I wasted $100 sensor because I can't find nothing to read it
Make it work with data from the Dexcom data servers! I can't use it as an adult follower when the G6 app is installed on my child's phone. There is zero reason for this, other than making it more difficult for us to manage diabetes.
After I got a new phone (Samsung Galaxy 20 Ultra) ut no longer connects to my Dexcom account.
Doesn't work with my phone. I don't have an iPhone or a Samsung . I'm not stupid enough to pay $1500 for a cellphone. If it works on those phones there is no reason why it wouldn't work on a cheaper phone running the same Android version. Would love for them to explain it to me.
Well were to start. It is a good concept now if it would work. Let me download receiver data on my laptop so I can see it on my phone. Yes that is convenient and helpful. By the time data is shared the person is dead or recovered.
Just downloaded the app but can't sync my dexcom to my phone please help
I have nothing but problems with the app/company.
I couldn't even use it. I couldn't create an account. This is the only app that Dexcom allows for any phone (very expensive) that I could get on my phone plan. I downloaded it, attempted countless times to sign up, but all I was able to do was confirm my email address. It rerouted me before I could get to the creation of a password. Whatever. I guess I'll just save up for a cure.
Burns my finger where light is before i get a reading.
Not sport Lenovo
Burns finger when holding to camera !!!!
Takes too long to get heart rate. The sensor burns my finger.
it works well and gives reliable results
Burn you
This thing made me died
burns my finger. most times there's no reading at all. best masochistic app of all time.
Too slow
Not good experience
horrible app did not work
It just does not work. Finger on scanner, flash light comes on. Takes forever and nothing. BYE
very bad, slow response, always cannot detected my heart rate.
My finger burned. I feel pain whole day
Just for kids
Every time I open this app, it starts measuring and then just locks up.  I then have to close and reopen it to get it to work.
the light gets so hot it burns
Horrid ads
this app sucks I am 5 weeks between 6 to 7 weeks babys heartbeat runs 90 to 110 look it up see Gestational Age Week 7 (FetalAge: 5 weeks) Generally, from 6 ½ -7 weeks is the time when a heartbeat can be detected and viability can be assessed. A normal heartbeat at 6-7 weeks would be 90-110 beatsper minute. The presence of an embryonic heartbeat is an assuring sign of the health of the pregnancy.
bad... waste of time
Doesn't work well hard to get a readings
Measure poorly.
Useless App i downloaded few days back but on using always error results saying Cant read. Hv followed all instructions carefully but the results are same. Would not recommend anyone to download and use it. Waste of Time. Thanks
It can't register my HR.Last time was 10/1/20.
Does not work
Burnt my finger!! It says cover the flash and camera
It's a new phone so I would say it's probly not the phone but there is no heart rate coming across and yes I've used the phone before to do my heart rate and which was approved by my doctor through Samsung
FREQUENTLY fails to get a reading.
False reading.Variation of 4-5 beats is always there
Once I put my finger on the camera...I burned my finger..I felt like I got shock It hurts very badly😣
It stopped w orking after a few days. Even after paying to get rid of yt? He ads!
Hold finger on camera and hemy after five seconds it fails tried it three times and it gave up.
Not working in my redmi 6 pro. Previously it was working in Motorola phone
This app sucks. I really need a heart rate monitor and this app doesn't monitor my heart rate is going fast it says it can't read it.
Unable to open app after installation on z5 Premium
Not working...wastage of time
Worst app I've ever seen doesn't explain the different colors on the readout. I have Atrial fibrillation and need an immediate understandable readout.
DO NOT BUY. Purchased and now won't take a measurement. Downloaded 3 others to make sure that it wasn't my phone and they work just fine.
Weaksauce.
UNINSTALLED! Ads everywhere now. Yet another heart rate app becoming unusable due to greed for advertising revenue.
Virus be careful
Stopped working
So hot dont know until when
Not accurate and takes too long
Where is oxymeter.only shows pulse.no oxygen.better include in this corona pandemic.it will be very good supporte evryone.
Terrible. Burns fingertips
Never worked
Doesn't work...freezes
Very inaccurate
Why does it need access to my camera... Uninstalled
This is not even accurate it has heart rates that even make sense.👎😒
Flash light is too bright n gets too 🔥
Most of the time it does not work......disappointing!!
This app literally burned my finger!!
Camera only
What the hell is this..got ma finger burnt ..don't make others fool
Doesnt work...bad app
No longer accurate.
Too hot! Just about burned my finger.
It worked fine now it doesnt
Takes to long to read. Almost burn finger on my cameras light waiting for a reading
works, but light is so hot it will burn your finger
The flash on my S20 Plus phone, used to detect heartbeat, got way too hot.
Takes way too long
I purchased pulse oximeter. I change my phone and can not find it again to reinstall though I have paid for it. All what I am getting is this which does not measure oxygen saturation
False i put tape over my camera lens and then shook my phone 207 bpm i thought it was fake when it told me 45 bpm on fingerprint
Does not give blood gas levels. I can do my own pulse with my other hand. waste of time. And I have a s10 plus and searched for the pulse oximeter app you speak of and unfortunately I cannot seem to locate said app. I've lowered my rating to 1 star for you providing false information.
Waste of time
It does not measure blood pressure, just beats per minute.
Burns your finger. I can't attest to the accuracy of the app, as I didn't get to finish using it the first time. I placed my finger where it asked and before it completed the reading I had to stop. I have a red mark on my finger and it burns. Felt like a touched a hot stove. I am using a new phone.
Really bad for me!!! I tried to start use it,and. The first try, burned my finger tip when I placed on the.scaner, it was so fast almost immediately got extremely hot, It's.the app the problem or maybe my cellphone (Galaxy A71 5G at&t )???
I got it because I hoped it would automatically read my heart rate throughout the day using my watch. But it doesn't. Might as well just use Google fit's heart rate.
Yall want me to burn my finger just to test my heart rate and it doesnt read it all time so your just burning your finger while you wait for it to work.
West of time
sucks doesnt work most of the time just drains the battery
Doesn't work
Not Accurate. It consistently measures my HR at 68 when it is actually 72 (measured at my carotid artery with a stopwatch)
Fake app
Stinks
I paid for this app - why am I still see ads?
Made no sense.
couldnt find my heart rate
Not working flashlight on Android 6.0.1 Flashlight fixed in 6.0.1. Flashlight and cam is working in camera app.
I installed this app and then uninstalled it and now it's updating itself. When I went to go stop it it says install only there is no update option so it's not even installed on my phone why is it updating itself? I would give a negative hundred Stars if I could how dare you!!2-28 your response is not understood. "Uninstalled app couldn't update anymore, you can try to reboot your phone after uninstall"???  For 1) it's been uninstalled for days 2) it tried to update itself, DAYS after it had already been uninstalled. 3) AT THE TIME OF THIS APP TRYING TO UPDATE ITSELF IT WAS NOT INSTALLED ON THE PHONE. STILL ISN'T, NEVER AGAIN. I can't say it any differently to make you understand. I'm going to ask again,... what is going on? How can your app that wasn't even installed on my phone at that time think it's going to try to update itself? It wasn't even on my phone!! Grr if I hadn't been paying attention it would have gone through, I had to manually stop it, by pressing X.
not right
Why do you need access to take pictures and record video? This looks like some scam
inacurate
Third app that makes my flashlight so hot it literally burns my finger.
It takes too long to read and the light burns my finger after a few seconds.
Faulted
Doesn't work!
Paid version not working note 9
Did not work
Didn't work
No oximiter function, not working properly with multi camera phone
The light was burning my finger.
Claims my heart rate is 165 at rest, I usually get to 165 near the end of a 
mile long run.. doubt this is accurate
Don't work!
Doesn't work
it doesn't work.
Tried to measure and burned my skin. This does not work.
Dont work 3/4 of the time.
Got my pulse way wrong
bad app
The sensor burns slightly, too hot.
Doesn't monitor in background. Very disappointing
Disgusting
It's impossible to hold a finger against the flash which gets so hot.
It would be better if my history would load. I have now reset my history in the settings, lost all of my history trying to fix & it still won't load. I have rebooted my phone twice
According to this app, I am nearly dead.
It burns your finger and it hurts
Does not pick up anything
I should sue your comany....I burnt my finger on my flashlight. downloader beware!
Turns flash too bright on one plus 5. My finger burned because the fresnel lens focuses.
Wrost apps waste time
The flash is too hot so unable to hold my finger there for the alloted time.
Extremely dangerous app. Will burn your finger. Don't use with modern phone.
Dose not work
Very bad app
It never mesures my heart rate it is a bad app better to do it manualy
does not work for me
Can't get a consistent rate even after a munute
Accurate, using Samsung S9, but the ads are the suck, especially when they are a full screen video that is loud! Too loud!!! Even when your sound is turned off. Wakes up my toddler every time!
Ghatya
Led gets really hot. Not normal, might damage the device.
The one reading I managed to get was accurate but after trying numerous times since then it doesn't detect my pulse.
won't sync with Google very frustrating. just keeps circling
Simple. It Sucks do does gmail
cannot install on watch
Can't keep finger over flash for even 5 seconds as it becomes too hot.
Gwjsfsyskdgkdd gskvdd ada pati fskdgdkd Ninte tanta
Poor
Bakwass always failed
Showing pulse rate 198 BPM.
Hard to understand
No way to hold your finger over camera and flash and see phone..stupid
worked the first night...nothing after that...poor quality app
Isn't worth your time, i have been trying to work with it for several months and it works about a third of the time. Don't waste your time on it.
The accuracy of the app is 90% But The app has a problem "it turns on the flash light the maximum", so if you keep your finger more than 5 sec on the camera and close the flash light you'll feel the heat and more than 10sec your finger will be burned.
Yw
IT does not measure the heart rate.
Already uninstalled. I bought in-app and used it for several months in my older phone. Using my new phone, I can't use the oximeter anymore and get ads version. Didn't found any login to get my history. Write a review, and developer said I didn't bought the in app version and asked me to delete my review 😡. Not helping and implied me as a liar is a really bad move.
Doesn't work, tested once BPM around 55 fairly normal 2-3 later was a 37bpm proving it to be inaccurate
This app is bad you have to pay so you can do Exercise
Doesn't show Oxygen levels, although apears when searching pulse oxymeter
Overheated the led flash on my samsung s10e. Burned my finger tip before I could get a measurement.
Not accurate. I am a nurse. I tried it and then compared with real equipment....was off by 30 beats per minute... uninstalled...
Too hot to hold finger over light. Make the flash less bright
Fake
This aap showing completely wrong ridding so don't fallow this aap and don't unless weast your valuable time.
burns my finger (S10e) I can hold my finger on for like 10 seconds before I can't tolerate the heat anymore. not sure why the light is necessary.... pretty sure the bulb is what gets hot
Sadly doesn't work with the double camera phone I'm bummed out I wanted to see how my blood 02 is i think i might have covid19
Annoying fullscreen ads with sound, cannot be disabled by pressing back button while playing. Heart rate measurement quality is average, app functions - average. Taken all together - strongly do not recommend this app.
Burnt my fingertip
No good with Note 10+
Does not read my heart rate at all
Stops saving to history after a few days
stsrted crashing after last update
Its not work properly worst app
It restarts my phone
No luck with this app, doesn't even detect my heart rate for over 60 seconds then it starts with 39 and I know better I gave a pacemaker set for 70 beats a minute
Hate it. I will never use any app that has alot of ads. And this one won't even let me view history. I'm trying to monitor my Heart Rate. Which has been around 125-155. I'm not messing around.
I updated to new version and it can't find anything. The old version worked now nothing. I'm deleting app
Claimed to be able to use the fingerprint sensor. Required camera access and there was no such feature
It takes heart rate correct but it burn my finger
The app worked but my zte blade z light gets too hot, it burns my finger.
Terrible app.. tells me my heart BMI is 175 then says 53. IT IS WAY OFF. And freaks me out to where now I can't sleep.
it's very helpful thank u
It wants you to hold your finger over the camera and flash for 20 seconds. Test your flash first because mine nearly burned my finger after bout 10 seconds. So i couldn't use it.
Doesn't work
willl not read above 99. resets and resets until bpm goes down.
I can't keep my finger on the sensor cause it's so hot!
JUNK!! I BOUGHT IT AND IT CANNOT MEASURE MY RATE. IT WORKS SPORADUCALLY. I HAVE SAMSUNG GALAXY S10+. OTHER APPS WORK. !!!!!! ===> REPLY TO DEV: NO IT DOES NOT!! I TESTED OTHERS AND THEY ARE OK! I UNINSTALLED. PROVIDE REFUND! OR I INVOLVE THE BANK.
It gets so hot & takes so long that i could not bear the heat, and in the process burned my skin.
The light got too hot to touch only after 7 seconds.
don't work
You are supposed to hold your finger over the lens and flash for 20 seconds. After 5 seconds my finger started burning from being over the flash. This would not be good for someone who is a diabetic or some type of neuropathy.
Inaccurate.. False information
Works great for the first few days and refuses to pick up my heartbeat extremely disappointed because I have her issues I was hoping I could depend on this app
app insists on video access .
this app didn't work at all.
doesn't woek
My phone is a Mate 9 and it gets too hot to use the flash this way. I burned my finger.
Plus Light se unguli jal jati h
My chair has a heartrate of 51bpm
dj
Sucked.
So, so.
Rubbish
Have the new LG sports watch with Android Wear 2.0.. this app for some reason will not measure from my watch..and I purchased both of the in-app purchases for better results.
For every half an hour it doesn't not scan the heart rate
Messed up my camera on my Pixel 2 phone has never been the same since. Camera is blurry has a hard time opening.
My heart rate is a bit irregular but this app couldn't find my heartrate after several tries. FAIL! Uninstalled.
Light turns too hot that burn my finger.
Motion sensor or heart tracker? Cause it's not working the way i thought it should, simple. maybe I thought this could save my life?
It's a freaked frod like don't download this people deserve better app then this peace of trash like don't even bother downloading uh its a scam trying properly going to steal info and hurt you or trying to give a virus omg its awning talking about it its a peace of dirt so it's  heart beat directed what eve prank
burns
No Good
Very inaccurate
Paid extra for ad free but still see ads. Emailed but heard nothing back.
Bad application
It's been getting so within seconds and it starts to burn my finger from being so hot
It worked great for a few months and now it burns my finger when measuring.
Uses the flash as part of the monitor. It got very hot before it gave me a 
reading.
This is rubbish plz throw it in the dustbin. It shows my BPM IS 0.
Refuses to even start unless it gets access to camera?! Seriously?
doesnt work, ever
This app was under wearables but has nothing to do with watchwear!
Waste!!
not easy to use
Almost never gets my heart rate right and becomes hot to my fingers.
Burned finger with inaccurate information
More useless JUNK!
Sorry..why i couldnt find the "Pulse Oxymenter - Beat and Oxygen" in playstore?cos this app is only for heart beat..not included the saturation..pls hel
Needs complication for wear os also accuracy is not that good compared to other apps for wear os. One thing that is good is it has short intervals. I only use watch not camera
Terrible, won't connect no matter how many times I have tried..Use to work🤔
the time it took to get my heart rate my finger was hot and burnt. will never use again ever!
horrible. not working
Fake. Shows the graph even without placing my hand
I don't like it at all. takes too long for app to work. Not user friendly at all
Doesn't really get accurate measurements of heart rate.
🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻🖕🏻💩💩💩
Doesn't work
I haven't had the app for long and I've never been able to get a reading because I have to leave my finger on the flash so long it starts to burn my finger so I quit.
Won't work on Samsung 20
The flash is used to measure your 02 and in the process it burns your finger
Does not need my camera or record video.
inconsistent
The flash burnes my finger like hell
Gets so hot it leaves blisters on your fingers.
Last 7 result is idiotic I want to see results of the day together
It burns
doesn't work with a phone that has five cameras
It not work properly in 3 leance camera
It takes a lot of time to get an accurate result.
it's only for BPM, oximeter not working
light gets too hor and burns hand befire it can tell me my bpm
The auto heart rate monitor is not working in Android wear. I am glad I did 
not purchase the paid version
Works with very little info.
Fake
Hope it is not copying the finger print as it asks to cover camera from finger.
it did not work
It shocked me multiple times during the scan. Do not get this app!
the app detected a heart rate when I was just waving my phone around
My flashlight burnt my finger!!!!
Horrible, i and my husband noth burned our fingers and still got no reading back! Not worth the burn. Deleting
Very difficult to use
Not real
Does not work find a different app
I paid for the premium func in android Wear, sadly, it does not work on my ticwatch Pro. I demand a refund!
Basically never works
won't work on sonim x8
Doesn't work with Samsung gear s
It is not consistent and not user friendly.
This app can result in injury. It takes so long to read my hear rate that my finger is getting burned by the camera flash.
Like it burns my finger what's with that
I'm testing HR apps. This one fluctuates and reads up to 51 bpm higher than the other apps I've tried so far.
Not giving any stars, this app sucks. I can never find my BPM so after five tries I'm deleting this app
Takes forever but more importantly my phone gets so hot on my finger it is UNBEARABLE.I feel like if i dont stop it my phone will explode. Horrible app. Do not download!!!!!
Flash on constantly makes the sensor too hot to touch so you can't use it. I literally burned my finger
it hardly works and the heat from the light of the camera burns
Chhiiiiii
Totally fake app .. always show fake results.. this app is very dangerous for health.. don't trust on this app. How to google allow this kind of fake app?
Doesn't work on my moto 360
When I lay my finger over camera lens area for a reading, the light burns my finger! I cannot use this app. It's literally painful!
This is malware! Do not install full page ads show up randomly all the 
time. Reported. Junk app
Flashing ads; ads that covered the whole screen; deceptive ads. All unacceptable. Uninstalled.
hard to find my pulse !!
This app only reads my pulse about 1% of the time. If anything, it increases my pulse rate to unsafe levels with the amount of frustration it causes trying to get it to find my pulse.
will not keep history
this sucks
I don't believe this app😏
Doesn't read sensor
S10, no love
Inaccurate
Cannot add HRM developers are liars
It sucks
Stopped updating on to the Google fit
It doesnt resch conclusion of heart rate :(
Very bed
Useless for s20 phone
Only works with phone's camera not with a HRM
the pulse diddent work DO NOT GET THIS APP
It never completely finishes. It gets about 15 seconds in and says it can't finish.
My finger burns when light passes can't hold for 20 sec
Its completely inaccurate data dont trut this as a relevant software
I never knew the light in the camera was so powerful. This app is dangerous. Don't install.
Burnt my finger after 5 seconds.
Protective cover on my phone does not allow good finger contact on sensor so monitor is un satisfactory.
Only shows BPM, not able to measure oxygen saturation
i burned my finger worst app ever
seems good , but it is nearly impossible to touch the flash for a reasonable amount of time, it will burm for sure in my older device flash does not hurt this much, seems my current Asus zenphone has a much powerful flash. developers may need to look for alternate method or to find a way to dim the flash to tolerance level. nowadays companies are putting stronger flash for better picture quality thats the main problem. thanks for prompt reply, but result differ if avoiding flash.
This app is dumb it showed that my BPM dropped from 112 BPM to 0 BPM (technically dead) Then I compared a new result with a Fitbit and it was completely wrong. My BPM was 89 on the Fitbit and 102 on the app. Dont buy this app pls.🙏🙏🙏
Unable to sign in leaves white empty box
Couldn't even use this app placing my finger directly over the flash on my camera for so long it began to burn my finger
It is taking over 2 minutes to measure a pulse rate, whereas it should take no more than a minute... W T F The ads are in the way...
Not working
Deleted. Didn't take a reading at all. Plus the flash heated up too much for not being able to take a reading anyway.
The flash burns your finger
For mine it just says measuring please wait it took 45 minutes and still no result
Please do not download the app. It may be used to access your biometrics. It claims to detect your heart rate with the phone light and camera while seeing your fingerprint.
Waste app!!!
LG G5 - The phone light is too hot. Burned my finger after only a couple of seconds. Unable to keep my finger over light and camera long enough to get a proper reading.
does not even work 😡
I don't recommend this app... it takes 20 seconds to read your heart rate, fine... but, it hurts! The flash turns on and it burns your finger so bad... I really hate it!
Finger starts burning. Not even once heart rate measurements completed.
Takes forever to scan heart rate and when it does it is not accurate
Doesn't work
DISAPPOINTING APP MADE USELESS WITH OVERLOADED INAPPEOPRIATE ADS. DEVELOPER HAS ONE INTEREST $$$
it's like why i need to burn my hands to see my heart beat .. does it really have to be so hot like this + it said that i need to hold for only 20 sec and it over than minute for God sack i think it would be more appreciated if you fix this proplem
Never worked, always fail to measure heart rate, waste of time
Unreliable and erratic.
burned my finger and the reading wasn't even 50%. using S10.
Who makes app's who pays for a app to work that dose not work . Ask for your money back. Must keep people in a job
does not work on moto z
no progress at all...disappointed
Another way to serve another thousand ads.
Doesn't measure O2 sats?
Doesn't work half the time
I followed directions and nothing was working
Failed to read heartbeat or heartbeat rate.
very bad burn my fingers
Very bad app
0 stars kn pata chal raha h iss app se heart rate as per the instructions the heart rate is not showing 😢I'll give 0 dtars to it
Takes a long time to measure. The app never takes the initial start box off of the screen thus it won't allow you to go to any other screens. I have a Samsung Galaxy Note 9 running Pie!
This is heart rate MINUS. Light goes out and easuring stops within a second
sucks! doesn't work. tried several times!
Doesn't work
Needs notifications for heart beat rate limits to be useful on Android Wear.
No option to turn off the flash, it kept burning my finger
It burned my finger pressing on the camera and flashlight
It literally hurts the index finger while taking measurement. Compatibility with all smartphones not being taken seriously. Poor application , strongly not recommended.
Poor
Sucks. Cant read pulse after 5 minutes.
Works very badly with ticwatch e
I want it to work but won't read.  Maybe  every  30 or 40 tries it will read once. I like the format for record keeping but no reads no history keeping. I wish  it did work
Doesn't work
I can't even take pictures on my phone, my flash doesn't even work anymore or use my flashlight thanks to this stupid app!!!!! I should've knew better
Doesn’t have live android wear control. Wasted $2
Don't work on smartwatch. It just work on the phone. Useless
Burns my finger every time
Cannot use without granting camera access, even if using a heart rate monitor
Keeps restarting and way to many adds
Most worst experience.
Useless. All it does is check your heart rate and record it with a time stamp. there is no active monitoring and it takes it something like 10 to 15 seconds to read.
kinda sucks. It's a real S.O.B. getting it to start reading?.?..??.?
I tried several times to get a resting heart beat and nothing.....it does work when I start exercising .
I am very much disappointed with this app. First when I downloaded it,it was working nicely but after a few weeks it dosen't work at all. Whenever I try to check my heart rate it only shows "no result". Please fix this problem then I will think bout my review. Thank you
Complete waste of time and waste of space
Got hot
Rubbish...couldn't not read my pulse accurately, or even close!
اسکن من نفهمیدم که این چه جوری کار میکونه
Never got a reading with this app
Locks up everything I try to use Deleting.
Dont anybody monitor apps on google play? Can every body upload any kind of trash here?
Useless, jumps around all over the place
Rubbish. Was reading my pulse without my finger on it.
Otis incredibly slow. It just has the loading circle going round and round. I need to exit app and open later and it seems to load then. Pointless to have.
This app is garbage! Won't load anything, just gives the spinning wheel of death.
Opps sorry for the inconvenience, please try again later. I'll just uninstall it instead
Didnt save any if my scripts!!!! Always just loading
Cannot even open the new app. It crashes immediately.
Only loads my insurance card nothing else on the app loads. It just has a loading circle spinning. This happens on wifi and data.
Uninstalled it just as fast as i installed it, to slow.
This app is not opening.
Can't login
It keep saying (oops something went wrong, please check back later.) Every time I try to log in.
Nothing will load.
Can't log in.
Does not work on the s20 ultra on latest Android version
Give us back the old eyemed app. The new one is totally useless and a waste of time.
Why didnt you just update your other app. I can't get into this one. I have tried 8 times to reset password and all I get is tokeninvalid.
I successfully updated to this newer version, logged in, it recognizes my name. But no ID card. No information. I used the old app to replace having to carry a physical insurance card. Now I have to carry the card.
Trash, I can't register, I can't recover password....this is a totally garbage. I guess I will keep the paper card i received.
Since the change to this new app I'm not able to log in via the app or online! Did you not test this first?
Couldn't login. No way to contact Anyone about helping create account.
It won't open on my device :'( I have the new Samsung Note20 ultra.
Will not let me sign in
Can't even register. Keeps saying to use a valid email address. Based on the other reviews, not worth the hassle.
I tried to login but it says oops please try again later the previous app version was better don't know why they change .
Doesn't work
USELESS!! Cant even log in!! When i try to reset my password keep getting error message "invalid token" but have no idea why its invalid i am following pw guidelines
You shouldn't create an app if you don't know how to make one that works. It reflects poorly on your business.
Get message, Eyemed keeps stopping" every time I try to open it. Every single time. Worthless
I can't even log in. It just says "oops something went wrong. Please check back later". Every single time.
Doesn't work note 20 ultra
Looks good problem is doesn't work also wants to make you do a separate account for each beneficiary a big pain for a family. Which is a waste, because nothing works.
Hate the new app! The only thing that loads on this app is my ID card. Anything else that I touch just gives me a forever spinning circle.
App won't even open up . I uninstalled and reinstalled and still doesn't work.
It doesn't seem to work.
I wont want to go back .... horrible experience...
Cant even get the app to open!
Doesn't work at all. I click to open the app, and it immediately closes. Its been doing this for about 2 weeks now. Useless.
Nothing would load
App and website down.....also try to find out of network claim form on app is way to hard.,..useless
Every time I try to recreate a different password it says invalid.
I have the Samsung Note 10+, and when I download the app, it doesn't load. It crashes before it opens. I guess I'll just use the web version. Looking at the reviews, I don't think I want to bother with the app anyway.
Won't open.
Crashes on startup on Android 11. Worked fine on my older Android 8 phone.
Doesnt even allow me to get past the login page
The app doesn't work. I need my card for a appointment.
This app is useless all it does is crash as soon as you try to open it
This app is not working! Crashes as opened has is poorly designed. Web site was easy to use and the best way to access your info.
I guess I just have this for the rest of my life now. Not able to cancel.
A white page is the only thing that shows. The app never really opens up.
App keeps crashing
It ask for your information and requires you to enter it all in before it tells you how much to pay to use it. It should show how much it cost, first before wasting your time entering information. Plus there's no option for gaining muscle and losing fat.
Worst app ever....dont download it.
I'm sure it's a great app. It will not download on phone. I have been trying since this afternoon.
Unresponsive advisors when messaged. I have premium but the advisor still decides not to respond to my question. Ridiculous. Messaging 1st phorm directly on Facebook doesn't work either.
App is wack can't use the home workout program unless you pay a subscription. Wouldn't recommend to anyone better fitness apps than this one.
I had plenty of questions they never answered. I joined there Facebook group they never answered. Then I realized any issues that people had they never answered or they delete it. They only answer if you are paying them.
Installed and now it wont let me passes the assign advisor page
i don't know how different premium is, but it makes a lot of assumptions and does not fit my fitness needs. Nutrition specifically seems to say you need 3 things and it tells you how much of these things you would need but it doesn't actually combine anything into a meal. it just lists them separately. it also doesn't take into account many other things. i just didn't like it. Workouts also make a lot of assumptions.
I got the upgrade and the app looked exactly the same. I don't know what I am paying for?
Keeps closing. I've uninstalled, reinstalled, updated the phone, and it just keeps closing. It is very frustrating. I wanted to start with the challenge and couldn't because everything is through the app and the app doesn't work.
The app itself is ok. My issue is that I signed up for premium and didnt find the value in it during my 1 month trial. When I cancelled my subscription, i was charged for premium later the same day. I contacted 1st Phorm, they told me contact the developer. Emailed the associated account, they gave me the run around forever. Finally gave me a contact #. Call the number, it's 1P customer service. they have no control over the app. Tell me to follow instructions in app. App says email developer..
Got the app and liked the workout it provided me, but it's been 2 months and the workout never changes. Was told by someone else that I needed to upgrade to premium, but when I try, it says I'm already premium. Unless I'm getting it for free still, I am not premium. Not sure if my app is locked up and not updating, or if I'm getting premium for free and the workouts never change. Messaged support, but they never replied. Customer service is evidently non existent.  Shame, because I really would like to use this.
App has a ton of potential, but competing apps work far better and are less glitchy. If this app is cleaned up a bit, it would work phenomenally.
the app was super glitchy and annoying to work with. (Id have to load the same workout plan back up every time I left that page) and it didnt seem personalizable. It gives you food options too put in to track macros but I couldnt find a way to enter my own. Im in college and cant always eat that way. also, you answer 4 questions and it gives you a workout plan, again, which you cant really be to involved with. maybe it will work for some people, but it feels too cookie cutter to me.
Paid for premium and never got it
Uses out of date imperial measurements only with no option to change, very inconvenient. Get with the metric system and stop living in the dark ages. People just starting out with no equipment are forced to buy premium to get access to bodyweight workouts with no demo option to even see if they are any good.
I love 1st Phorm and I want to love this App but right now I can't justify its use beyond the free portion. Without the ability to manually change my macros to match the results of metabolic testing that portion is useless. Also the macros given for various foods are wrong, even for your own products. Lastly, it would be nice to add Suspension Trainer (TRX) workouts for those who can't get to a gym membership or afford lots of home equipment. Thank-you
Premium does not work
Filled out all the information and then nothing. Seems like a scam. Cant get anywhere with this app.
Won't open
App not working since latest update
Installed, won't open. Just hangs before opening. Uninstalled and reinstalled several times, no-go. Uninstalled. Samsung Galaxy S5
Its not reading my steps
This app wont let me to put in my State so I cant get in sucks o was looking fowerd to do this.
This is really bad and I regret paying for it. I am sorry for my harsh words, but I feel betrayed. I had the ios version before and it was the best workout experience I've ever had. I loved it and I recommended it for all my friends. I switched to an Android phone and I was so glad when I found the app on the store. I payed for it immediately and that was months ago. It was a big disappointment. I kept using it hoping it will get better, so far, that did not happen!
Its confusing
Has so much equipment to select from, but no resistance bands - making it totally useless app for people like me who only have that!
They don't bother to tell you that it's a trial and it's expensive when the trial is over
Bandwidth
Really liked this app on the I phone, but its missing a ton of features and i am unable to review my previous workouts to see how many reps and sets i did. Pointless to use at this point.
Buggy!!! Randomly removed my subscription right as I was going to start my workout. Nothing like paying for an app that I can't even use. No answer from support. So not sure if I can even cancel my subscription. I guess they got my $69 and don't care anymore. Even when it does let me use the app, it has a fraction of the features as the ios version, yet we still pay the same price. Hopefully I can find an app that actually works that doesn't just take my money then shut off the app...
They just want money and the workouts not that great you get 3 free days and that's it then they want your money nike app way better it's for free and has food that you should eat
I'll change my rating when it catches up to the apple version. No superset or circuit, lack of search exercise function when replacing one in a workout, no way of removing excuses permanently, lack of selection. Coming from the apple version of this app it is missing so much it's not worth it
Support is non-existent. No phone number to call and talk to someone. You can only contact via email and it's been 6 days with no response. Also, I signed up for a free 1 month trial, put in my credit card info and they charged me immediately. If they ever get back to me and resolve my issues then I might edit my review. The app itself is pretty good. Is just ashame they have no support, but they will take your money.
Great app but too expensive. Not a fan of paying monthly to use an app.
Just paid $10 for 1 month. Your app isnt registering it and wont let me start workout. Upon clicking to subscribe again says i am already subscribed. Deleted app and reinstalled. Clicked the already have an account. Password dosnt work. Clicked forgot password. Never recived an email so..... Thats means i dont have an account. Yet i am subscribed.... This might be the first $10 ever spent that within 5 mins wanted my money back! Ill spend an hour on hold with my credit card company tomorrow.
CS contacted me advising that my subscription was fixed, but it is still not activated.
Does not allow me to pay for the suscription
Ripoff! It just charged my credit card $60. I canceled and uninstalled it months ago and they still charged me. This is absolutely wrong and extremely suspicious. Avoid this app like the plague. Calling my credit card right now.
After latest update, no more timer bell chime after timeout
If you are using android system don't download it
Only for high performance Athletes! Not user friendly for the average person who exercises to maintain core strength! Definitely not for anyone who has any injuries or old injuries that you don't want to flare up, or focus on to strengthen! In my opinion......
while the app is ok, I dont have the same functionality that I did on iOS. if its effectively the same app why are there 2 completely different apps with the same name. I didn't pay $60 for a piece of what the app can actually do.
Please fix the body image on large tablets.
Microsoft 365 subscribers are entitled to a 45-day promotional membership. Created an account in the app, and when attempting to redeem the promo online, the account between app and online does not work. No responses to repeat requests for assistance. After 7 days, my wife is uninstalling. Maybe the workouts and plans are good. I have no idea. The customer support and account management experience is terrible. Would give 0 if it were an option.
I won't renew my subscription.. IOS Differences are, theres no way to do super sets, no cardio equipment or tracking is available, you can't share workouts through the android version or load those shared from IOS, assisted exercises calculated the weight as added weight and messes up total volumes, there is no projections for max weight, the IOS also gives max effort exercises android doesn't, this app doesn't take logged workouta into account when projecting weight to use...
Good app, but seriously under developed compared to the Apple app, and the developer thinks he can still charge full price.
There is a trial period says can only be used for 3 workouts then have to pay
Can't create an account, just errors out. No chance of even trying to use this app.
Good on ios, terrible on android
i started out with full stars. as time goes on though and you start progressing amd communicating with other users yiu realize as an andoid user you miss out on 70% of the damn features that are on the iPhone. As you mive forward these feature become INCREASINGLY RELEVANT. PLEASE GET IT TOGETHER FITBOD AND SYCHRONIZE THIS APP. Or literally off the app for 30% of price of iPhone version. The app is becoming useless to me and progression.
Important heads up, none of the connectivity features fitbod advertises are available on Android. So before you spend $60 like I did, know that you're getting a beta version of the app missing major functionality
Power Gym buddy is way better; this is like a bad copy.
La app en ios es superior a esta. No se sincronizan entre si.. no tiene todos los ejercicios que trae la misma app en ios. Ni si quiera da los avisos bien..el reloj de descanso suele fallar..le falta trabajo y atención a esta app..
It is 5stars on the apple version...... If they would just port it over with the same functionality instead of updating 2 things every month which is gonna take a year for the android one to catch up. I used the apple version a lot but this very basic version de-motivates me to use it.
Can't get ahold of customer service. I've sent two contact requests in the last week to assist me in logging in to the account I created when I redeemed a promo code for a free month trial and they took my credit card information to do that free month trial so that way it converts to a paid subscription after the trial. I can't login to that account tied to that credit card. I am very frustrated that on the Android side of it there seems to be a complete lack of customer service to fix problems.
Its bad
Not free.
Poor Customer service, I bought the subscription last week. But have not been able to use my subscription. I only get a response after calling and leaving a voicemail. They will not respond to my emails.
Never used it, was led to believe it was a free app until I entered my details then I found out it was only a 3 day trial.
You have to make an account and than you just have 3 exercises for free... The trial version is way too limited.
Kind of disappointed in fitbod a bit!! There are a lot of features that are present in iphone but are missing in android, like body warm up, cool downs, fitbit or other common watches integration and the list goes on. While all these features are perfectly available in iphone for free, android users don't have any access for this. Without it, the wholesome workout experience goes missing. It's just a list of exercises.
Ignores selected target muscle groups when creating a workout. They said they would reach out but they never did 😇
Good workouts. I subscribed for a year, and now I can't start any workouts.
I paid for the subscription. There is no plate calculator. It won't let you select muscle groups that you want to work out like it says it will. It has the option but doesn't save. I had to get a refund. Often doesn't save a set sure to a bug in the ui it's a mess on android.
Too expensive
Got a free 30 days trial, supposedly no CC required but won't register if no plan is chosen. Also free bodyweight workouts only on IOS...like there are only Apple users...
Paid version of the Android app straight up doesn't work, and tech support won't respond to questions. Nice app but don't give them your money.
Everything is way better on the iPhone version im pissed 😤 I'm even looking at how unparallel the versions are the Android version literally has nothing to all of the features on the iPhone comparison.
to expensive when I'm working 2 weeks and ans only use the app half the month
They asked me to agree to their terms without giving access to their terms. I went back to a link that was supposed to allow me to read the terms and received only a notification that it was moved or removed with no further explaination or path to follow. Too fishy for me. Also they wanted my birth date. I can see asking for an age, but birth date should not be necessary and disclosure is a potential security risk.
Was so excited when this app came to Android. I loved it on the iPhone. So I paid the €64.99 only to find this version is a buggy shell of the iOS version. I thought okay, it's beta give it time, but the updates are few and far between. Maybe every two weeks if your lucky. It took them 2 weeks to fix the rest alarm! And if you write the developers they ignore you. Wait the 2 years when they finally have a respectable app. Charging €64.99 for a skeleton app is reprehensible.
I was impressed with the app until I read everything. Once your free 3 day trial is up, the app becomes mostly useless, unless you want to track everything yourself or choose one of two subscription options. Not sure why the creators of this app didn't just make a one time purchase for a premium version.
Creates workouts for you from a library of exercises, pretty okay, until they ask for your money. It would be fine if, when you paid, it worked. Instead it doesn't work anymore, asks for subscription again and has a long wait time for support (makes sense because probably everyone who was dumb enough, like me, to pay probably needs support.) Works for 3 workouts then don't bother, you're flushing your money down the toilet. Trying to get a refund.
In the free trial never got legs out of 3 free workouts 1 workout repeated
Only does 3 workouts then makes you subscribe.
Dumbed down version of the IOS version. It's really unfortunate because I loved the IOS version. Hopefully it'll catch up to it. One star until that happens.
I bought the app for 1 year. But I only have half of the features of the Apple/ios version of the Fitbod app. And it seems that fitbod more expensive here in Android than ios
Android version not worth the money. Hopefully they get it on par with the iPhone version soon, otherwise it was a waste.
Looks like it would be a great app to use if the equipment I use on a daily basis (resistance bands) was available. Since it's not, I can't use this app. Please fix this.
Just switched from an iPhone to Samsung and the app for Android allows you to do bugger all compared to ios. Pretty disappointing especially as you're expected to pay the same amount each month. Can't even add a warm up or build your own superset while in a workout. Nor can you even tell the app how difficult you found each exercise for it to accurately adjust for the following one!!
subscribed, it worked fine; next month it keeps asking me to subscribe even though I already done so
Not able to select the muscle groups I want, everytime I select the muscle group I want and click save, it shows random muscle groups. The Android version of this app sucks, compared to iOS version. I am a paid user and I expect the app to function without stupid issues.
the functionality is very restricted compared with the iphone version.However, they have they charge the same. Shame on them, this version should be free.
Late response, could not sync workout records after promising adding these features three months ago
Not as ios version at all
Was autosubscribed for a year and was unable to get a refund. Never used once.
Free version not save my custom workout that i created.
prices vary too much per platform (Android, iOS) and region among my friends to whom I recommened this app. I paid 89.99 euros that I could've got for 59.99 USD based on my resident status (Canada). I've requested for a partial refund. Can you please get back to me?
Tried applying gift code for 1 year subscription. Kept giving me invalid credentials on the redeem gift code page even though I used the same credentials to log in with app. I needed to workout so I logged in via Facebook to redeem gift code and it got applied...but guess what?? Now on the app there is no login via Facebook option. Great! So I still don't get to work out. Fix this.
App is super basic and buggy in comparison to the iOS version. It's not worth the money in the current state. Update 09/20: Every single update introduces more and more bugs. I regret having paid for this.
This app is terrible, no warm up no cool down, the number of reps seems randomly generated, gives you exercises with weight after specifying you have no equipment, when replacing an exercise keeps the same sets and reps as if all exercises are equivalent. It's honestly seems like no one in the team who built this actually exercises.
extremely limited and castrated compared to the ios version...for no real reason. yet costs the same! simple things such as the ability to include resistance bands to select from are not included from a list, something that is on ios...again...for no real reason. This isn't a compatibility issue from porting it over... it's simply lazy.
Crappy app.
Terrible. Asks for money right off the get go. Id like to try something out before I buy it. One star.
It's a shame that this Android version doesn't match the iOS version feature for feature. I switched from iOS thinking I could use my Fitbit and continue where I lefted off only to discover that it's incomplete. I didn't plan to keep the iPhone until this was noticed but I'm not interested in carrying 2 phones so I'll resubscribe and change my rating once the syncing issue and feature gap has been resolved.
Dropped to one star after learning about the lack of parity between the Android version and the iOS version. I like the app, but I paid for premium and I don't even get warm ups, cool downs, cardio, specifying which specific weights you have access to, i mean the list goes on. I'll gladly switch back to 5 stars once this is fixed. I'm in for a year subscription already so I'm stuck with this app.
iPhones customization options are 100 times better than on android. the android version needs to mirror IOS version.
Its like Fitbod IOS Lite for the same price. So limited compared to the original version, and for no apparent reason, if anything, it should be better.
I thought it was a GREAT app. Until I completed the first training session, and got the message that it was merely a trial run. I find the cost of the pro version excessive, and reading the reviews - I won't even get the full value for my money. Thanks, but no thanks.
Know wear OS companion app
Reps keep changing, timer does not start, moves to new exercise when not done with existing exercise. This is not an intuitive program and is unusable without some additional instructions not found on the program.
Not being able to set multiple gyms with different equipment, timer for excercises, missing equipment and basic stat tracking for a $60 app is ridiculous. I'll update this rating when this app is on par with the iOS app. Until then it's a 1 star review and I can't recommend anyone with android buy it.
I need the same features iOS offers before I'll pay for the app. Dissapointing they charge the same amount for less features. I love this app but they need to stop being biased in favor of iPhones.
What the heck. Comparing exercises with my friend who has this on his iPhone, and he has a ton more features, exercise options and customisation options, yet the price required for subscription is still the same for both. Do you take android users for fools?
please don't download this , it directly asks for payment
When I listed to the app through an add ,I've read that it's a one time payment of 9.99. I've made sure of that. Then they started taking 9.99 weekly!!?!? Thives. The meditations are bad anyways. Doesn't worth the money.
Advertised as free yet you only get 7 days free
The 7 day free trial with credit card info required is a sham
Not worth the money. Can't find how to cancel so they just keep taking my money.
Don't even waste your time. Move on. This is trash
You guys deduct amount from my credit card without my permission.. im not 
using your app please give my money back.they debit amount from my credit 
card without my permission or concern.. i want my money back as soon as 
possible. Please im not using your app when it is free .. i have uninstlled 
from the day one.. please help me and get my money back.. im not getting 
help from google play.. this is my worst experience with google.
This is a scam and I just want a refund. I contact customer service and no one has respond yet. This is the 6 digit number 646827 that was sent in the auto reply email.
Give trail for 2 days Free
Meditation freezes up... Not much good when meditating! Support does not respond. Your email reference is 673188
Please give people at least a week free to try it out .
Never download this. Trash application
The description says its 1 time charge and I've now been charged twice. Not worth it!
Paid application without any free try
Asks for money. You have to pay a lot of months upfront.
Successfully wasted 3 minutes
ça donne une chance d'essyer 7 jours gratuits mais ça ne marche meme pas...
Why a free trial tho
I did not authorize or approve the 6 charges, 3 for 6.99 and 3 for 9.99! I never put in my payment information in your system and was misled in a time of stress for me! You owe me $50.99. You guys are scammers and should be ashamed taking advantage of people during this difficult time! SHAME ON YOU.
Scam! They never tell you is a weekly payment!
Cancel everything
Uninstalling.. It's asking an amount of 2800 INR only after you install it. 
Why don't they mention it right here???
Efectué los pagos que pidieron, descargué la app y no me deja ingresar con mis credenciales y tampoco me ayudan para ingresar o cambiar el password de ingreso.
I hate when app ask my money before I even open the app.
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP. IT IS A SCAM. THEY SIGN YOU UP FOR WEEKLY AUTO RENEWAL PAYMENTS WITHOUT PROPER DISCLOSURE.
The subscription charge is misleading. If the app is really about better customer experience and peace, let's start from a place of transparency. A weekly charge should be clearly mentioned. For this app, the charge is excessive.
Was never stated it was a subscription. Certainly not a WEEKLY subscription
Deplorable! I clicked on one-time app purchase then it charged me weekly!!!
App is a scam. 1. The app is a scam. 2. In the add it was 9.99$, nothing was mention about a subscription. It will charge you automatically after a few days. In my GooglePlay the app won't show for a refund or to cancel the automatic payment for the subscription. Please cancel my subscription. Thank you
I had cancel the subscription and I still got charged. I also can't request a refund 😕.
I have to pay
SCAM!! DO NOT DOWNLOAD! You can't access the app without taking out a subscription. The developers have utilized dark UI (interface trickery) to trick you into taking a 'test' subscription that immediately bills you upfront. There are better, proven, reliable and affordable alternatives. Don't waste your data downloading this obvious scam.
U can't force people too buy... Very sad with recent update
don't install this app it is worst app i have ever seen
Useless and very bad .. not recommended
The mediations were hard to take seriously when they sound robotic and so unnatural. Dont waste your money. There is no free subscription. I canceled mine, within 2 days. There is nothing this company can do to make my experience better other than change the voices in the app.
That's nothing i should give you 0 stars ... don't install i don't recommend it there is no trial version ...just waste of time
Can't use unless you pay, couldn't even try it without paying full price 🙄
Worst app ever
Its good
waste!!!!!!
Retard app
False advertising and awful customer service. Don't download and/or pay for this.
You can't even test any of the app before they ask for some ridiculous amount of money upfront. Always give ppl a chance a to check out or try out a part of your app before buying. Talk about money hungry.
Uninstalled right away.
shame on you
So bad
Money making scam.
I've been trying to reach them by email a few times and I got not response. I can't cancel the subscription thru the app or from here GP. I really need to cancel it. I hope to get some response and the termination of the subscription And my money back immediately. This is a fraud!
Free version not working
Worst app
I just wanted to meditate but not pay I am really sad I don't wanna pay
I saw this in a Facebook add and it clearly stated that the program was free but when I go to install it, it asked me for a payment. Bunch of scammers.
I paid $9.99 to sign up. After downloading the app in order to use it I have to pay $19.99. Such a SCAM!! Please give me my money back
Rip off
Must pay to use aaaaaiiiiiiii
Waste of Data. Instagram suggested this app to meditate for free so I had to recharge to download it to only find out I can't even get a free trial to see whats happening. You guys make money from us downloading before we even subscribe.
خره
This is a scam.I downloaded the app thinking it was 9.99 a month. I was ok paying and trying it out, but it's honestly just ok. I've been trying to cancel and I can't figure it out. The app says to go to the app store and cancel the subscription, but there is no subscription listed now I was charged another 9.99 a week later. Don't do it.
I have been debited unauthorised from this app of sum amount of 2800 ruppes 
can some one from. The app developer help me out.. Regards
worst app in universe
Best way to fool people..make an app..but did not give free trial..charge the money..weather u like it or not..its a kind of gambling
जब भी कोई ढाबा देखूं मेरा दिल दीवाना बोले छोले छोले छोले ।।
Money before happiness so definitely a 1 star rating for you. Looks like I'm not alone here.
a bit of a scam, charges you weekly not monthly! the "meditations" arent very well read and sound more like instructions- not a very inviting voice and there isn't any space to actually meditate or follow between all the instructions . the breathing techniques are useful ive found but I haven't found the rest of it very useful yet...
Remove from G play
Worst aap I've ever seen
waste... dont try it... paid.. no trail period
There are many other apps available better than you. I'm uninstalling your app and also give you one star rating because you can not force people to pay for 7 days free trial.
It's prepaid
I do not like how they tell you after you have paid that it's a weekly prescription I have tried to cancel and not have been able to... I want a refund...😓😓😓
Don't even can try in first place.
कोई फ्री न्ही देते हैं ट्रायल आप अपने पेसे वेस्ट ना करे अगर फ्री ट्रायल हो तो हम पहले देख कर फिर ही इसे खरीदेंगे
Didn't sign up for weekly subscription but was billed 3x anyway. It's also hard to cancel the subscription.
Charged for four weeks and don't even know how to cancel my membership. Can't find a confirmation email that I signed up and the help section to state how to cancel is a loophole of neverending nothingness. You can't just take peoples money without saying it's not a one off payment. Haven't even used the app. £30 I will never get back. How to I cancel this before you steal more of my money? Update 4.01.21 yet to hear back on here. Please just confirm I do not have to pay for nothing.
It should be a free app
False advertising no free test.
Was charged for this twice. How do I cancel this! I don't know what this app is! So needless to say that I have not ever used it and I am very unhappy that I keep getting charged for it! Please cancel this!
no trail money eating app
Are you telling me that because I downloaded it I'm going to be charged £41 
that I didn't agree too?
Too costly
Scam
who wants to pay $111 for an app 😡
unuseful
I got to the page of this app through an ad on FB. The page was saying one-time cost of $9.99 with 30-day guarantee. However when I installed it, the app was prompting for another subscription rate options of weekly, monthly or yearly. I do not want to spend anything anymore. I just installed it few hours ago but I would like to avail of the 30-day refund guarantee. Please refund my money immediately as I cannot do it through Google subscription option. Thank you.
I thought this was a one time thing. I want to cancel my subscription but am having a very difficult time connecting with someone to do this.
This is a scam site -- dont trust and dont sign up & especially dont give them money. They make it impossible to cancel subscription.
Maybe good app but very bad subscription and user respect. Google Play should not allow apps like this. Simply because they try to take your money by making you to forgot to unsubscribe after trial period.
Garbage
Scam I subscribed through an Facebook app ad and I thought that it was one time payment and I sent an email at the same day to cancel my suscribtion and I didn't get any feedback
This app is garbage
Worst App Ever
Scam
wow I cant even try the "free trial" without having to enter my card
I wish I did not take part on this when I found it on Facebook and downloaded the app. I DID NOT SIGN UP for a weekly subscription. I did not even open the app since I downloaded it and was surprised by the charges on my card. Please refund. This is opposite of the peace of mind that you are promoting.
We have no money
No info but wants money right away
I am really really disgusted with google, this app was installed on my account without my concern and this morning R 529,99 went off my account. I really want a explanation and a refund asap.
this is BS i literally just want somwthing to help me with my problems that i don't need to pay for everything is BS
You have to pay with out even understanding
not of much use
I wish there was a way i could give this ''thing'' half a star.😤.....Why would u guys ask us to pay for some meditation app that most probably wont even work?It makes no sense....plus the way the free trial thing u got asks us for our credit card details........there are tons of apps out there that can help us out...plus there is google...i can google how to meditate any time i want...so this app isnt unique as you think it is...anyway...peace..✌️.....i just edited this today to .....STUPID APP!
I didn't realize it was a paid subscription... Then after that I thought it was a one time charge, but it's charging me monthly. It doesn't show up on the subscription page so how then do you cancel it?
why should we play before using the app not gonna do that n i uninstalled it now i know why this app low rating .... NOT GOOD DEVELOPERS NOT GOOD 👎
Cost too much money
stupid app
My phone won't even let me open the app.
What a way to calm people down - 1st, I did not realize I would have to pay for it, then thank goodness I didn't after reading all these comments about people getting scammed!!!
If you don't pay you can't use the app, not even to test it. Do not download.
I sent three emails so far trying to cancel this subscription. I was not aware that this was a weekly charge. The advertisement led me to believe that I was paying a one-time fee for a specific plan. I have not received a response yet. No one has confirmed that my subscription has been canceled. Beware of apps that don't let you manage your own subscriptions. I shouldn't have to send an email and ask someone else to do it for me. I guess that's how you make your money. Respond to my emails!
meh! you would think better me would now realise by all the feedback that folk do not want to hand card details over to them for a free trial, they say that it's in policy with Google, however, I have many paid for apps and have free trials on apps without giving card details until I wished to purchase, they didn't ask for them before or during the trial, come on better me, work out a way that your app stops after 7 days unless we pay for it! simple!
I uninstalled it immediately. I couldn't even try it. There was no free trial option, it required a subscription to use. I'm not going to pay for something I can even test out.
bodoh kauu..sa tia mau subscribe toliiii
worst app
They want you to pay money, before you even know what you're paying for. Zero transparency. 1 out of 10.
This app isn't even installed on my device and I'm being charged ... Weekly charges.. £20 plus per month .. I've tried contacting company, will now go through PayPal...
This is something which shows a popup on Facebook reduce stress.. without 
proper information regarding the payment procedure. I'm an anxiety 
patient.. I thought it can help me reducing stress. but the charges are so 
high that I cannot afford this.. kindda cheat 👎
Uninstall after 20 seconds. This is definetly gabarge because the subscription detail is so foggy.
download free, pay to use
It is a terrible app and who ever made it needs to re make it
This is a real scam! I paid the trial for $9.99 and they charge me again after a week with same amount. They don't even send a notification before the trial ends. And when I am going to cancel my subscription I can't find their app in my google play subscriptions. They just directly take money from your account. Don't download this app.
Kuch mtlb nhi hai download kr k... playment kran pdta hai...
Waste of time. Do not even download it. Better put the price for this app in Google play, so people who are looking for free app won't download it
Super annoying music right from the beginning = immediate uninstall.
I was not aware it was a subscription... Until after I tried it. Should be clear upfront!
can't even try before paying.
To get trial you have to subscribe with your credit card and it will be charged automatically when the trial period in 7 days finished.
Very stressed because I can't delete it and cancel. Ironic considering it's 
for stress relief and medication. I'd like a bit of help please. Been told 
to go into subscriptions to cancel but it doesn't show the correct page. :(
It wasn't told we has to pay to start using. Return my data!
Worst app ever faced
Tried a couple meditations but it's too distracting having a computer generated voice as the guide. Not a whole lot of material for the money. Speaking of money, don't waste yours on this app. The only thing I find interesting is the brain orgasm videos but even those are kind of lame. I can find similar things all over the internet for free! I downloaded because of an ad that claimed to help balance chakras. I see no mention of chakras anywhere in the app. Very disappointing. Want my $$$ back!
How can I try it if I have to bay it
useless waste of money
Good luck canceling. I canceled weeks ago, yet I am still being charged every week. No one will respond to me - its very frustrating.
It cannot be accessed unless we made a payment for their 7 days trial. It 
disturbed my brain, it causes anger.
No free trial ... !! Why to install it is free and use it with money ... this is worst way to collect money to make me install an app which I won't use it .. I think it is some sort of scam.
Seems free at the start immediately when I opened the app it asked me to pay money
This is tha worst app I ever used
Instructions were unclear.. I only wanted to know which chakra of mine is blocked and accidentally summoned a demon
Why ask for debit card on trial , stop robbing people.
Upfront payment
Upon downloading the app, it says "in app purchases" then you go to use the app second slide says pay for this app.. yes there is a 7day trial then 9.99 a month after versus paying up front 30$ for the year..seems like bait and switch.
No free trial before you expect me to commit to a subscription. No thank you. Even a 3 day trial would have been adequate. There are too many free apps and websites that are efficient and beneficial to use until you decide which premium plan work best for you. This appeared as an ad so I thought I would try it but that's a big hard pass for me.
mastürbasyon
installed it read the reviews uninstalled it didn't even open the app
They don't tell you that you have to spend money.
Its paid...
better me my ass....
Same as others...features advertised don't exist sndyno way to cancel! I'm so mad!
Hey Scammer refund my amount ... Why you charge $41.99 in my account with out my permission??????
Everyone is saying, fight your depression, go for meditation. And all the apps charges us... There's a possibility that the person has this depression because of their expenses. Anyways, thank you there's nothing better than me... So i uninstalled this app too.
I'm not about to pay for something I can't see. You need a trial offer.
Me hizo el test y según los resultados me haría un plan personalizado, lo compare en otro celular sin pagar, y era exactamente igual, además lo que se supone era la suscripción, se lo cobra semanalmente, es una estafa
Keep charging without option to cancel subscription
waste
When I bought the plan online by seeing an advertising, there weren't any information about period of the subscription witch I thought it's one time payment. After that, I found that this is just for one week, and in my opinion is too expensive. I emailed them right away to cancel the subscription and get the refund for the weeks I was charged, but still with no responses.
tatti
This is too expensive. I can afford it, but I am not sure if it's worth it. 
Yes, you guys are giving 7 days free trial but I would have enjoyed if you 
have given free only part and premium part. Then, I would have got enough 
time to decide.
Still testing the app
Its not a successfull application and its not free .
7 days trial but you have to pay first, what kind of app is this. Please 
dont use the word TRIAL anymore
Thought the 10 fee was for 6 months. Very deceiving. It's a week. How do I cancel????
app is rubbish. took my money and wouldnt refund it
ask for cc detail without even try it
Scam. Terribly expensive, impossible to unsubscribe. Do not download it through a website, cause there is no way to cancel your subscription.
Money
Paid h salla don't install
its not free
It says its free but it says to give 3000 rupees
now a days apps are made for only making money like hell people are wait for u to help
Without a demo why should I pay for it. There are lot of other services which we can try and then subscribe. Don't waste your time.
can u plz change it so I don't put my credit card info. bc no one likes it like that u r gonna go out if business
Wont let me get a refund.
How can you say you can help reduce stress than ask someone to pay for it...
have to pay $1 a week for everything. nothing on the app is free.
Not free. But advertise show that its free
waste of time... asks for payments... unsatisfied with this application....
Worst
Not free at all, once inside it costs per month and always the same no matter what you select.
I HATE it when you download an app and then have to pay to use it at all. "In app purchases" it not an app purchase. There's a difference. Just say you have to purchase it before you download it and find out you have to pay for it. Its annoying and slightly false advertising.
Worst app. Tatti😪
this is the worst app I ever had😖😖😖
Asking for money
Total scam
I did not subscribe, just downloaded the app and found myself paying weekly. I sent 2 emails with no answer. I want my money back and an immediate cancellation of the subscription. I don't have my mac here and I cannot cancel through apple like they suggest on the app. Really awful.
Do not download it. Need subscription.
fake
Very expensive cant afford it. Even i dont know does it really works or not 
how someone will pay such a large amount.without knowing
they never said it's a paid app.
i thought its free
Awful.
gotta pay to be stress free?
dude make things free. nobody is going to pay that much to use this worthless application
This is not what I was expecting .... I wish I had read reviews 1st because I wouldn't have gotten the app I was charged $10 but there is barely anything you can do in the app without it asking you to pay more, realy? WTH am I paying for to start with how about no, cancel it, your app sucks, there isn't even an option to unsub.... VERY unhappy if I could give zero stars I would ~_~ IF SOMEONE IS THINKING OF GETTING THIS DON'T!!! SEEMS VERY SUS...
Pay to use
Its free to download but need to purchase in app to actually use the app. Ridiculous.
Worst experience ever. I bought this app to help learn to relax and mediate. However, have been getting charged every week for an app I bought a lifetime subscription too. But the company is not acknowledge the charge and I can't find it in my Google subscription but I have receipt of purchase.. App is causing more stress than my normal life.
To sign in, I paid some amount through the website and there was nowhere written that the same amount will be keep deducting from my account. I mailed also regarding the same issue but no response. Kindly reply me and refund my amount or atleast cancel my weekly subscription which isn't even done from my side.
Can we have option of misguided? Even if 7days trial then why are you 
asking to subscribe... just to take account information?
Make it free. We don't even want to add payment method without knowing what this app is really about.
زباله وحراميه
i liked the app its interesting and it helped me feel relaxation from the first use.
paid app
Price
The first thing that pops up after you check all your things you want to work on is a membership that if you don't pay you can't use the app. Then why make it free in the first place?
Waste of a download tbh! You have to put in your card info for 7 day free trial. Super inconvenient and misleading.
Should have said it's not free
not free
Literally you can't even try the app
i dont like the marketing of the app , you have to buy someone every time you want to improve, the app is al more expensive then some of the better ones like Calm
worthless asking for payment.. don't download it
Very costly.
The cancelation process for this app should be simple and easy to navigate. There are definitely some integrity issues here. I wish to cancel my subscription immediately. I think I will also report this app.
Fake
Their pricing is terrible and super expensive. How do we know what we ate getting And if it work or not?
why u dont give a trial?
Would give 0 stars if I could. False advertising. Can get what this app has to offer plus more for free on other apps.
I WANT TO CANCEL. I've tried emailing multiple times with no reply.
Ugh!! Its bad! I have to pay for it!!!
Waste of time unless you wanna waste 2500 money on this app which is with 
no free trials.
I want to cancel my subscription immediately. Pls help. I'm being charged every week. That's horrible loot!
Scam
It's totally fake. At least not available trial period
can't even try without paying 100% useless. why let us download for free? reviews will be full of 1 star if you can't give trial... $7 a month? nice joke
I'm not paying
Dont download .waste of time.
Really??? I'd like a refund I thought this was few minutes a day type thing I don't have the time you need so I immediately canceled can I get my money back bc it was 9 something then another 5 something then 6 something I didn't authorize all that HELLO CAN I PLEASE BE REIMBURSED
Stupid
I just tried to sign up for the yearly plan, it didn't move off the subscribe screen so I tried again, paid twice never let me into the app
Poor customer service, basically a scam. There is no place to cancel subscription other than email which I sent 5 times with no response. I had to have my bank decline the charges. I DO NOT SUGGEST THIS APP. GOOGLE should remove their service. VERY DISAPPOINTED....SHAME ON THE COMPANY for taking advantage of customers.
scam
This app is not free, it is paid app., Dont install this and dont waste your money, soo many free apps are available in this type
Apps como esse que não cobram nada pra instalar porém na hora de usá-lo você tem que pagar deveriam avisar o cliente.
👎
SCAM!!!! SIGNED UP VIA INSTAGRAM FOR WHAT I THOUGHT WAS A ONE OFF PAYMENT. TURNS OUT ITS A SUBSCRIPTION THAT IS CHARGED EVERY WEEK. COULDNT FIND ANYWHERE TO CANCEL AND AFTER READING ALL THE COMMENTS ABOUT EMAILS I DECIDED NOT TO WASTE MY TIME. LUCKILY I PAID WITH PAYPAL. IF YOU DID TOO: SIGN INTO YOUR PAYPAL ACCOUNT, GO TO SETTINGS THEN PAYMENTS. FIND THE SECTION FOR REOCCURRING PAYMENTS AND CANCEL YOUR PAYMENT TO THESE SCAMMERS!!!!! THANKS FOR NOT FIXING MY ANXIETY. THANKS FOR NOTHING.
Why we need to pay at first to use.
Worst app
I can't afford this
I didnt realize that it was a subscription until the last second of processing payment. I emailed for a refund and they offered me a "deal". I continued to ask for a refund , then inquired about their offer. They have yet to respond. Now I have to call my bank to have them remove the charges that this sketchy company will not refund.
I have no idea how to use the app and it doesn't let you know its a weekly subscription. I still can't figure out how to unsubscribe coz it's not showing up on my Google subscriptions yet its taking my money weekly.
When trying to install the app, it says pending. I've paid for the app but I can't install it. Please assist.
I was not able to cancel my subscription. And unable to login after I clicked to remove my data on the app. It has been charging me on my credit card under different merchant name that seems suspicious.
It immediately ask for payment
Worst app ever, I can't even access anything if i don't pay.
The only way to get a sample is to insert the credit card. bye.
Joke of an app
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!! IT IS A SCAM!!! I do not put my credit card information into my Google Play Store app, in an effort to avoid the very headache I'm going through now. Without my permission (or my credit card number), Better Me has somehow managed to find a way to charge my credit card 5 separate times in the last 2 weeks. I hadn't even opened this app until today when I discovered the charges on my credit card statement, let alone created an account to unsubscribe to.
Can't use nothing.. need to charge payment... I uninstalled this app..
Scam! No warning prior to downloading.... Cannot use app at all without paying for it.
don't reply me i m here to give you 1 star because your app review bad almost 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Free to install, not free to use. Instant uninstall.
ولاد كلب حراميه 😉
this is a Paid app .... from the start of the screen you will be asked for money .... 😊 don't waste your Precious time
waste of time
Do not install this app..there is no option to unsubscribe
Awful said one off payment now being charged weekly and I can't cancel the payments...do not fall for this scam 😒
useless app
They don't have a free trial for this app so it must be BS asking you for money before you can actually use it!
I hate those apps which asks for money after installation.
m not gonna pay for it...i got planty of options available on YouTube
I am charged every week yet I signed up for a monthly subscription after the weeks trial!! This is very wrong!!
Hi I am being trapped kindly make sure I am not charged I have cancel the 
subscription immediately wasn't aware just in a ckick it will cost rs .2850 
so make it professional that if somebody wants to pay there should be 
proper payment gateway with OTP thanks
Dont get CONNED guys.DONT INSTALL IT AT ALL..I had just installed it and 
didnt subscribe to any service but after few days 2850 got deducted from my 
bank account. They didnt ask for my approval prior to subscription just 
downloading this app costed me around 3000. I have also mailed them about 
the matter but no reply. If they wont refund me my money, I will escalate 
this issue to social media too. SAVE YOUR PRECIOUS MONEY.
Just wants money with no trial. Dont waste your time!
Never told it was a $9.99 weekly subscription. Told one off payment for a plan. Emailed them to cancel. What a scam AVOID
how to unsubscribe this app
I saw add of the App in Instagram & followed it. I paid $9.99 for a trial as well as another trial info for $6.99. I was led to believe that this was a one time trial payment. Now I find out 3 consecutive charges every 7 days for $9.99 and $6.99. This is excessive. This trial became a subscription which I wasnt informed of, I didn't agreed to it, & I do not want. I attempted canceling however there is no way to do it on my end. I do not want this subscription, please cancel it immediately.
This is paid
Did not use. Hoping i have managed to cancel subscription via app as like others did not relise was an ongoing payment. Have also sent email and hopefully get a reply stating it is cancelled
I was charged the $9.99 and haven't even subscribed!!! Tried it through Google Play. No subscription!!!! Also looked at the app to see where I can take care of this so called subscription!!! From all the reviews I see, I can tell I am not the only one with this problem!!!!
Paid the one off payment to access the app as I thought it would help my relaxation. I got an email advising me that it was a subscription and it would be taken weekly!! Nowhere did It state this was the case. I have immediately emailed to cancel my payment. I was never notified and would never agree to any subscription to an app. Needless to say my stress levels are high and the apps supposed to be helping relaxation!!! 🙈🙈
It advertised to help you figure out which Chakras are unbalanced and to help balance them. It does NOT do that! I want my money refunded!
You should give at least 3 days free trial to users then they can decide to subscribe , the fact that you are not giving a way to try it first reflect unconfidence about your product , it's like buying some kind of clothes or tools without trying it on yourself!
I have to exact same experience as everyone else. I was lead to believe that it is a one time payment of $9.99, and was then charged that amount again a week later. As soon as my very first payment went through, I checked my Google subscriptions to see if this app was listed, and it was not, and still is not, listed as a subscription of any kind. This is infuriating considering the app claims this is the way to cancel your subscription. Maybe once I get this resolved, I can actually meditate.
Charges you repeatedly
A free trial would be great...I'm not paying right off the bat...so fix it 🤷‍♀️ ( its not a free app)
👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
I can't afford it financially thanks for the eating money for everything 
you can't help people in depression
not free! free to install, however, it wants you to pay for ANYTHING beyond that. not cool to say it's free when it's not.
it doesn't work it won't let you continue
I know more effision method than the meditetion and is totally free, just it's one condition. To witnes that Allah is one and Only God. That method is salaht( praying).
Do not download. The app is a scam. It does not allow you to unsubscribe through Google play as advertised and as claimed in their subscription term. It does not show up as a subscription at all. I have tried to contact them but there has been no response till date. Only an automated reply. Only way to stop payments is through the bank.
paid everything not free trial
Fraud app. Not recommended to install it
Worst application
Ok, this is deceiving and dishonest. I downaloded a "free app" which turned out to be nothing is free about it, not even the trial. Don't waste your time installing this app, guys.
money money money
This is a shonky site BetterMe:Meditation . I took the quizz on FB, paid my $9.99 in good faith. Then I can't access any Meditation. They want more money. I am trying to cancel out, but I don't know how. Oh Lord, how do these people sleep at night. 😡😡
Are you f kidding me with this subscription? :) Seems like scam.
Bikau ho tum..free me do
I downloaded and it asked for subscription just to check the app. Soon within 30 min i have cancelled the subscription and uninstalled the app. But i couldn't find any refund for my money debited from my credit card.
It literally stoled my money!!!😡😡😡 I was going to try the free trial to see if I liked it and instead the app withdrew the money so ended up paying for it for a year with out knowing it ,,,,it's so infuriating because the app it's not even worth the money I already paid🤬🤬 !
The worst. Never install this app
Free trial requires credit card. No make sense.
concerned about money
Worst.. It wants payment only
Absolutely do not touch this app. I have just had to cancel my credit card to stop them from stealing my money every week. They continue to steal your money using bogus names so blocking them does not work. DO NOT TOUCH THESE CROOKS
app owner is just making money with scams no more creative
Trying to get a refund now. Have not used at all. Tried to email them and the email wasn't a working email.
Worst app ...
Don't believe this app and don't waste your time. Its all trash
Worst fraud app ever. Can't beleive they don't put details upfront. Expect people to share the credit card info. I'd like to give - 5. Sadly I cant.
only way for this app to be up it needs payment ...no plenty of app that are free to use ...how r u gonna have someone pay alrst make it worth the while and please dont say sorry to me thats dumb
I would like to cancel my subcription please and get a full refund because I am not satisfied with this product!!!!
Couldn't try tha app
what a rude gesture to ask me for my credit card before i even get a Chance to try the app. stupid idea. 1 star
Money money money
This is a scam, I paid for the app and was charged again a week later. Nothing is said about it being a weekly subscription. I pay less for a month at the gym. Only way I was able to cancel it was through PayPal. The second charge was refunded to me by PayPal. I'm still out the $9.99 for the original payment and I didn't use the application, nothing made sense. Phone number listed on my PayPal kept disconnecting.
bad
Not useful
how to cancel auto renewal I dont know plz tell in details? I cancel it and the program steel work ing
This is utter scam ! I have no detailed info about the plan given to me it shows no subscriptions on my email and yet amount is getting deducted every week I want to cancel my subscription asap 😡
Deserves not even a single star
This is strictly a pay app. You download it, open it , and literally 10 seconds in are hit with a pay wall. You can't even sample it without having to pay. There's better apps and websites that are FREE.
1 star because it only says it's paid app after I download it
not gd
downloaded but instantly asked to pay a subscription fee. I want to try before I buy, not pay a month upfront for something I could dislike
Stupid application
please dont download its a waste unless u have lots of money
What a waste of time... Only clicked on the app because the Instagram advertisement said it was free to try... First option after selecting me categories I need work on and Bang asks for payment... What a joke.... False advertising at it best right here. App deleted 🖕
Want payment before giving something
They say seven days free, and then charge you 29.99 the minute you begin your trial. There is also no chakra test or anything. This app is a complete false presentation. They trick you by not explaining that you have to select monthly in order to not be charged for the app. It's absolute ridiculous
There aren't actual free trials, just constant ads to buy the subscription.
Hated it!!!
App sucks. Why would I pay even a penny for an app which i dont have a hands on or a trial atleast . Uninstalled this as soon as I saw the payment options. Get a life which is better than earning money through such scams or fraudster tricks.
Anu ba yan. bayad muna bago try. pano pag di pala maganda to. tas kelangan 
bayad muna. sayang lang binayad. tsk.
Cannot even try the app without credit card details! Instant uninstall!
If this app has a free trial for 7 days Then why they are asking my debit 
card number just don't understand waist of time
This is horrible. I better not get charged for it. I immediately uninstalled it because I will never pay for an app. I never selected an option I tried to back out.
Worst app I've ever seen not even they have cheap add I've tried it totally not worth spending money I would recommend u to stay away from this cursed app🙅
Worst app!!! It can't give any chance to use it free without adding credit 
card...
You should let the users try some features before asking their credit card details. Useless.
no free trial
I was intrigued by this app because I felt I could use some guidance. After downloading it and answering the questions to what I thought was an analysis to help me achieve my goals, it tells me I have to pay for it. There are a lot of people out there that can just pay for real therapy, it would be beneficial for this app to have a free basic option to help those in need. Either that or let people know up front before asking questions that it's not free.
False ad - stating you can make a chakra test, and it's not true. Not free trial, poor content for such a price. Disappointment.
This is an horrible app, how its it free when i need to put my card info in, do not install this stupid app! Waste of your time and data
Not a user friendly subscription options
This is scam. Immediately debited my money after subscription, no emails received upon subscription.
This is very worst app. They are just promoting it for their marketing and 
advertising purposes. You can't use this app even if you dont submit credit 
card information. They are demanding your payment information.
Not happy with this app at all! Like other reviewers I didn't realize this was 9.99 a week. Can't remember password and no way to retrieve it or reset.
worst one recommended
This makes me so sad because it's not free
don't waste your time
Who need this app? We just need God to relax...please do not install it my 
brother and sister
I wish i read the reviews first. This charges weekly (not what your led to believe when signing up) also when you go to cancel ot says to do so with the app store in subscriptions. The Google play store does not recognize this as a subscription which is interesting in its self but you cancel that way obviously....i have emailed google play and the app to see about canceling and hopefully getting a refund. Update:The ID# 716199
Just waste of time
It's paid, no trial at all, and you can find the same content for free from 
other sources. They will argue they're developing the techniques and 
content with professional people, truth is they're not offering nothing 
special or unique.
I've cancelled the subscription and still my account is being charged why is this ?? Horrible app scam
Poor. Wastage of time & MBs.
Worst app eeever....jheez guys you could have spent money on a good idea. 
Instead you choose this
Do not download this is a scam!! Bought the app for $9.99 thinking I was getting the unlimited plan and then it tells me to select another plan inside the app and that made me want to uninstall it completely I'm going to contact the developer I want to refund this is total and utter b******* you should be able to use meditation and breathing techniques to reduce your stress not add to it when you're trying to download an app to do just that
Difficult to cancel subscription as it does not show up under subscriptions in Google Play for Android like the directions to cancel state.
Paid🤮
Let's you download for free then makes you pay for using the app, dont'download it.
the worst app i have ever seen
Not worth it. They charged me twice in a week.
There is no free trial in this ... So that we can decide whether we want to continue or not
Worst!
Went throught the whole process of downloading the app, and it costs money to use.
I'd like to know why you charged me for this app...when like the comment below it stated it was a free offer with no subscription fee....isnt that false advertisement? Thank god mine was through paypal and I cancelled it immediately when I noticed I was being charged 10$ per week which converts into 24euros that your company stole from me...I'd like my refund asap!!!
I havn't tried anything yet on the app, and you're asking me to pay 6 months in advance
It's not free and the couple of free "mind orgasm" videos are mind boggling to say the least, they increase stress instead of reducing it!
I cancelled subscription, still you charged me, email customer service no answer, poor and pathetic customer service They are cheating, no reply from customer service, this is serious issue, they are automatically renewing even though we email them about cancelling.This is cheating and crime total forging and deceiving I request Google to take strict action Dr Tushar Bhat
This is a crime not for help us. Fake app and getting money from peoples.
Experience is frustrating because of tricking into subscription without possibility to cancel it by yourself. Somehow I didn't read comments, which tell the same story. So if you read - DO NOT download it or be aware, that it will cost you 10 bacs a week. In other respect app is quite convenient, not brilliant. Not enough to forget you're being robbed
You should give trial without using credit card, once trial end than give option. for subscribe. That way you will get more and more customer. I have seen your add on facebook installed application, while I found that even I can't access any content without subscribing. I simply uninstalled application. This is just an advice.
Very bad i cant even test the app
U wanna learn meditation, practice it. Its not something that can be 
taught. It comes by practice...
I already paid the $10 and you want me to pay a subscription on top of that? And I can't even get a refund?! Absolutely ridiculous, I'm fuming! Can't even use the app after paying now.
asking money without trial demo
Credit card is mendatory. Don't install..
Forced payment
Simply waste
allow the user to use before asking pay info 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
I'm impressed. How do I rate an app that I simply cannot use? Before even showing any app functionality the app asks you to pay into their subscription plans. That comes out at OVER 100 DOLLARS PER YEAR.
Even bad rating is not enough, you violate Android application's policy. How the hell am I going to know if your app supports voice control or is making routes or works with a fitness device if you even don't allow me to open it without you take my credit information..trial is a right for users before you take any charging info, why should I buy something that I don't know or haven't try
It sucks ass!!!!!.
A fraud app. You won't be able to cancel the subscription even if you want to and even after writing multiple mails to the helpdesk
This app is Fraud u cant get a 7 day free trial ... Tbey wont refund the 30 bucks they stole from my google pay account... Karma will take care of u and ur company .. . i wish u tbe worst!!!#
I'm dissatisfied with that app and what I'm really disappointed from is the fact that people actually wasted money on it. Like I don't care that it's 4$ a week or something. It's not worth it. From a programmers prespective I can tell you that the loading screen with the presents is made on purpose without anything actually loading. Very disappointed and sad 😥
Advertised as free, sets you up for auto billing
Do not download this app. The subscription is super shady and they've charged weekly even though I did not sign up for that. Do not sign up for this app.
Very bad...
Not free
SCAM. This is one of the worst meditation apps there is. They will charge you $10/WEEK and make it very difficult to cancel. When you try to contact them there is no response. In the auto reply email it says you will be contacted within 8 hours but even with follow up emails I still have gotten no response. This app is a scam and a cash grab. In addition the meditations are some of the worst I've ever heard, do not waste any of your time or energy with this BetterMe company, spare yourself.
Said there was a chakra test. Makes you pay to even see the experience and is zero personalized based on what package you bought. Feels like a scam
Enter my credit card detail just to use free trial? I wanted to try out this app, No ones giving you their card detail just to try out this app. Waste of time, dont download it, plus 60$ per year and 5$ per month seriously? It would be better if it had ads or one time payment, 5$ per month is ridiculous...
This app is dis-ingenious as it does not provide an option for you to unsubscribe from the services. The app does not even list in the subscription section of your account in the play store. I need help in unsubscribing as my monies are being taken away. It doesn't offer a free trial as it says.
I cant even try the free trial
Really didnt liked the app. You need to add your payment method before using it even for free. What a joke.
It is awful i have to pay for it jeez i just need to relax but ok
How dare you make people pay for help with their sleep apnea if they don't start breathing again than they can die it's bull this should be free but all you people care about is money you could careless about a person health
Not working after update.. .junk
Doesn't do anything but try to sell you a "meditation plan"
Lame app .... Ass hole
Worst app... Whats the meaning of free trail if we have to pay in advance.. 
Please don't download it If there would be scheme of negative stars rating 
then I would hav rated it negatively
not free
useless
Dont install this app. waste of time. Asking for payment and no free trial
Obligan comprar Que absurdo
me as a 11 year old do not know how to sign in
False advertising
Downloaded the app and paid what I thought was a one off payment and have noticed further deductions. I have been unable to retrieve any account details so can't even cancel the subscription I didn't even know I had. I requested the account details and they were sent in a file format that I couldn't even open. I have no emails confirming an account and they don't even have an option to reset a password. Biggest scam ever and I want a full refund.
False advertising. this is not a free app you have to pay in app. Just say it's not free from the get go gosh. Just wasted my time. the excersise one is good though
U need to give us at least a free trial for a limited period without card information system, you know, not all of us got a credit card in this world, u just keep disappointing me every update i think u have made any changes
waste time app..atlist give free trials for people to try before making up there mind if they wana subscribe or not..even before the trial we have to pay..hopeless just like u
How to cancel auto subscription????
Waste of time
Not worth the money! I found better meditation options on youtube. I thought it would give me a guided plan or some direction for what I paid. However, it just throws you into so many different options with no guidance or plan for what would help me best.
Clickbait, all they want is your money, no free trial, just a paid weekly plan 30 seconds after instaling the app, which makes me beleive it is a scam
You need to insert you credit card to try the 7 days trial and on yhe 8th day they practically taking money out of your bank accaount legaly, dont insert you credit card number so quick
Worst app they ask for payment details before trial. If they are giving 
free trial why don't they give one. Worst app didn't work
Scam Scam Scam, Worst Experience. They attract you by showing Chakras and which Chakra is blocking but once you buy subscription and check, the app is just a normal meditation app. They do not mention that subscription is weekly charged. I have been asking for refund, and I am getting no replies on my email thread now(Support Ticket no. 593511). Pathetic! I requested for refund almost in 5-10mins of buying the subscription, I got one email reply but after that no one cares.
Cannot find the subscription in google so I can cancel. I contacted company to cancel before free trial ran out but they have not responded and now I am charged with no way to cancel. Total garbage.
I could get 6 months premium subscription of Netflix with 3000.... I don't 
think this is the right app to spend the amount...
There was an ad about a chakra quiz that then made me download this app and try to get me to pay $30 without even telling me anything about what the app does..... Annoying and misleading
So I got this app through an elaborate SCAM. By first filling a survey to get "a custom plan" sent to my email and then prompting me to get this app on "a limited discounted price". Never got the plan on my mail. Gave $9.99 and got this basic app with sorry a** content. THEN one week later they try to withdraw ANOTHER $9.99!!! It stated NOWHERE this is a SUBSCRIPTION, it's not listed as a subscription in my Google Play either. Needless to say - blocked the payment. Shoud actually sue them!
Lie
Very bad app before opening the app asking for money
What the hell this app is paid and I wasn't able to use it. DO NOT INSTALL.
eh
As with other reviews I am unhappy with the weekly charge. I also ordered through an advert and am unable to stop the subscription
if the app is paid, you should make it public. waste of time.
Please read before accepting terms on this app, it's a $9.99 per week
Possibly scammed out of $30 after clicking free trial. The advert I saw on Instagram said something about a chakra test, which is why the app was downloaded in the first place. App would've received 5 stars of it actually had the chakra test advertised on instagram AND if they reccomend meditation techniques based on the results from said test.
If i could give this app a zero rating i would . Thought it was a one time payment and have been charged 5 times . Tired to email company but no response . I believe the number you are looking for is as follows . 701896
I need someone to get back with me about a issue with billing and quality of app. I got automatic response last week but no one has reach back. I feel robbed and want to speak with someone soon.... Please
Ha Ha , beggar
No trail.
U have to pay
This app should be removed from the app store! Total scam. Gets you to subscribe through a facebook ad that says you pay only one time and then they charge you every week and don't answer emails when you ask for a cancelation...
Free trail is not working. Be honest dear admin. Stop making money in name 
of meditation...
Gotta pay...lame.
worse
Dont install. This will force you to pay
Fraud I got to the page of this app through an ad on facebook displaying one time cost fee of $9.99 with a guarantee of 30 days. However when i verified my bank accnt i saw weekly subscriptions being dedected since my first one off paid datinf 03.12.2020, i.e two more subscriptions fees have been deducted. I need all my money back together with the one time cost fee also. Scam
stupid app!! waste of time to install. theyre just using theor marketing 
ads to get credit card information and so... no need to install 😡😡😡
Y do u charge money even on this? There'r many people around the globe searching for the solutn.for their anxiety n depression, be it in Google or finding apps that could help them. But many people like me who r students can't even say a word or convince their parents to pay for such things. I thought I may get better using the correct steps n technqs of meditn.but I can't even use the app bcoz of this payment method. So disappointed😔. If u would've relly wanted sm1 to get bttr, u wont charge
Worthless app
BUYER BEWARE! Greedy much? If this is how you do business, you will never 
make it big. Mark my words.
It's not a free app.
You pay to use any part of the app. Stupid.
Paid
They have to be more clear and honest about the cost - is it one time payment or a subscription. I see I'm not the only one who got tricked and now they're sucking money out of my bank account. I have no complaints about the app itself, but the company's sales tactics are just nasty. Ew
Like similar apps except less features and less content. No wonder it's all locked behind a paywall- because it sucks.Oh and the chakra test it shows on facebook? A complete lie. Doesn't have anything even close to it. Try Simple Habit or Calm. At least the content you pay for is actually worth the money. Oh and it stole money out of my account. Free trial my ass. Stay FAR AWAY!
I am being charged weekly after downloading the app of Facebook and there was no mention of a weekly subscription and having trouble cancelling anything. Please contact me asap
When I did the paiement , it didnt specified that it was a paiement EVERY WEEK. I contacted them by email a week ago to cancel my account and have a refund, but they never respond. This app is a frauuuuud.
Хуита
You double the peoples stress or anxiety by your membership fee. Either 
label the app with note saying one can meditate only after payment else 
don't release such waste of time.
Heheh....asking for credit card in starting... Worst option
Installed it and uninstalled it bcz of asking credit card details for 7 day trial...
Skata
how do you cancel this? I thought this was a 1 time payment. Why would I pay $17 a week for some soothing videos and music? That is $70 a month. I pay less for YouTubeTV.
تريدون الاموال تبا لكم ياطمعين
Selling meditation techniques like this are not ethical.
I only paid for this app due to the fact that the questionnaire to which I took to begin with sounded like a phenomenal app. I was duped. The voice use for the meditation is awful. It's not soothing,it's not calming quite ridiculous actually. I've used other apps for meditation which were free by the way and way better. I went to cancel this and allegedly don't know my password, and there's nowhere to reset my password. Had to customer service to cancel subscription. Not pleased.
Useless don't install it. .very bad
Waste of Time and Money. Don't install the app. Go sit, close your eyes and do meditation by own.
This app is ok if you are just beginning your meditation journey. But you can get everything that it is offering for free on YouTube. I believed I was setting it up with a 1 off payment and when I looked at my bank statement I noticed the payment had come off 3 weeks in a row. That's an outrageous amount of money for what is being offered and absolutely not worth it! I tried to resolve this through email but my message was ignored and instead replied on the email with more 'discounted' offers
It stolen me all money in my paypal
Wrost app he
WORST APP! DON'T download it at all. It immediately asks for payment and 
dsnt even start without it. If you want to waste Rs. 3000 then this is the 
best app for you. For me it's a FRAUDDDD!!!!
why iimt is paid app and then why advertising a lot
Worst
Worst app only paid
Doesn't actually test or do anything for your chakras or their health. A complete let down and false advertisement on their part.
There's not much use for it.
This app does the opposite. They give you irritation and increase your 
stress even before using it.I would say asking credit card details before 
the trial is pathetic. They can simply give a free seven days without 
paying and later disable the app or something. Here is my one 🌟
Its not affordable
Worthless app
u will remove it after opening it within 1 minute
Thought it was a one time fee and now I am being charged again! FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD!! No will get back to me and I can not cancel!!! Going to have to call my bank
You can make free app with ads.
Waste aap there are many aaps for free of cost so why we pay. Frnds don't install it shame on this aap thu
Can't afford such luxurious application.
Totally NOT free. Totally a SCAM.
I too did not realize this is a subscription, I NEVER used it, have been trying to unsubscribe and it keeps charging me. This is extremely deceitful. I am disputing charges and do not recommend this app because of the way they do business .
The worst administered app, I don't know how the app is and how it works, and they straightforwardly ask my credit card. This must be something like a JOKE
I sent 2 emails telling you to stop charging me for the service. There's no information when you sign up about being charged every 7 days for this! I would like a refund.
Radiculous app, money hungry people!!!!!! Fraud app....
SCAM and Deceiving. i purchased on Dec 3 but was not able to use it most of the contents are locked. i was willing to let it pass but again.i was charged 7 days later? wc i.did not authorize. i want a refund on both transactions. this os false advertising & deceiving. There are instructions sayin go to google play or apple support to cancel subsciptions. did all of that but Cant find this app listed in it. so obviously there is something shady going on.here
Not free at all ! Very misleading! The app should put charging amount before downloading it
Trying to scam people rather than make them actually better.
You enter in the app and need to buy a membership?! What?! Is that serious?! Hated.
it's been more than 27 days I haven't got my refund and there is no mail. confirmation from the application end.
Scam
worst apps...doesn't work
Waste app
I paid 9.99 for a meditation plan created through Instagram add and nothing happened. I just got the average meditations and videos. I wanna refund
Blady scam
this app not free why charge people before thet use it if it not free put it in they pay section on app store not mange page
This app is NOT FREE. You can download it for free, and there's a free trial. But this app is NOT FREE. I'm uninstalling.
Unable to stop subscription. Methods of canceling provided don't account for this subscription being unlisted in Google Play settings. Could you please help to unsubscribe ASAP
No trail . Just expected to spend money
This app is horrible it makes you pay to be calm and makes you pay to learn how make yourself callmer
Subscription is way too expensive
No trial...no thanks.... . . Edit in response: I can't form any opinion whether positive or negative as I can't see or use any part of the "free" app without paying a subscription. So based on your advertisement of "free" I give you 1 star, a free download with a paywall is not free in any sense of the word.
How do I cancel
I have no idea how this app is charging me a weekly fee that I didn't sign up for!
Good, I felt relaxed but I have to pay for everything else....
App isn't free. It asks for credit card details before you can use it. It's misleading, if we have to pay why is it in the free section? Just put this app in the paid section. 3 days of Free trial IF you give your card details. 😒
Why does everything have to be paid i thought it was free and how i liked it
Pay... Pay pay pay pay pay pay.. ugh
Money grabbers! Signed up from instagram, for an apparent ONE off payment. Woke up to find I'd been charged a second time within a week!!!! I want a refund!
even get the chance to try it before get the free trial, and 6 months in one time? ur kidding
Do not get scammed into buying this app. It is the worst meditation app I have ever heard. Day 1 app and this guy is saying, "What are these thoughts that are in your mind.... are these negative thoughts? Are they negative situations? Are you contemplating about arguments?" (Um no... just here trying to relax) Seriously... not relaxing at all and gives you anxiety. Not sure who wrote these scripts but they shouldn't have a job in writing meditations. Ugh!! Go anywhere else but here for meditations. If I could have given a Zero, instead of a 1, I would have.
So bad
this app is a waste of storage and you don't need an app to meditate because all you need to do is Criss Cross with your legs then put your hands on your knees then stay quiet and you breathe in through your nose and breathe out through your mouth
not worthy
******* DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS PRODUCT****** This product is not terrible. That being said I signed up been told it was a one time purchase of $9.99 with and additional $6.99 for more content. Which would not have been bad HOWEVER I have now been charged 3 times!! I have called and i have emailed with no response. I have followed all of there steps to cancel this product and have had not luck. I also think the guy to is leading the meditation has a super creepy voice!
It would be great if you weren't try to suck all the money out of my account, and make it cheep.
Cost too much.. Need to pay to access anything. No trials.
Same basically as everyone else didn't now if was a subscription want to cancel they send you an automated message saying they'll get back in 24 hours and then a reply never comes.( My # 754502)
I started and got very aggravated immediately. The guided meditations are extremely rushed. There is no break in the talking to allow you to find the "safe" place she is talking about, or to take the second deep breath before she is on to the next topic. Far from relaxing. SLOW DOWN that is the point. There are better meditation apps available. Don't waste your money on this one. Disappointed 😞
I was under the impression there was a one time charge for the app. I'm getting monthly charges and I cant figure out how to unsubscribe since I didn't subscribe in the first place. An abdolute nightmare I will be disputing with my bank!
All the music for meditation us the SAME. Wish I could have got a preview before I purchased this app. You can download your own calming music from prime music and save yourself $10.00 . This is not worth the money. At all.
This app is dumb. And not worth the money
DO NOT DOWNLOAD! IT IS $10 A WEEK WITH NO WAY CANCEL.
Waste
Bhaiyoo bilkul fazool app hai avin paisy na zaya krna... This app is 
totally bad... Nothing is good in it.. I strongly says please dont install 
this app its just a wastage of time 😐
Wow, this is a very very very poor quality app. I should have never paid for it I hope they don't get you like they did me
Never signed up for subscription and have money coming out of account but because I don't exist can't cancel. 🤬
Why do I have to pay for something I dont even think is gonna work
Absolute rip off, I have been trying for weeks to get this so called subscription that I didn't sign up for cancelled. They take money every week from my account. For an app that's supposed to be calming it causes nothing but stress.
I saw the ad on Instagram as a free app and it's not even offering a free trial it's a direct paid app right after opening , why don't you list this app in paid apps? you're simply cheating people by listing this app in free category!! I have wasted 24mb of my data and of course time
Dosent show on my subscriptions, so I cant cancel and i want to cancel my weekly charge and subscription to you. Far to much money to be paid out. Please cancel my subscription...not very happy with the way you conduct your business .
Very misleading in charges. It states 9.99 as if it were a one time fee. I was ultimately charged $17 🇺🇸 weekly for three weeks before realizing and canceling the app. scam!
Paid for this app ,and to get into it they prompt you to pay again ..and then will not give you a refund .so you basically have a page with music and cant go any further without paying more .nice app if you want to be more stressed than you already are. horrible
I clicked on this app and download it because of an ad I saw on Instagram to test my Chakra. Still haven't found this so called test...
Scam! I signed up via a Facebook ad which led me to believe I was giving a one off payment for a self help pdf/email. Instead it linked me up to this and has taken money several times, even after cancelling it through play store. Do not waste your money, I can't believe they are illegally false advertising something and then stealing money from our banks!! Terrible company, the product is misleadimg and total rubbish too!
SCAM This app has computer generated voices that are not calming in the least. I bought from an ad, not Google Play and it was supposed to be a one time payment. Just checked my account and they've been charging me 9.99 EVERY week. $40 a month for a TERRIBLE app. If I wanted to pay that much, I would have gone for a good app, like Headspace.
Amount has been deducted from the account before the date of expire. Now I 
have opted out of the subscription, please refund me the amount
don't even open with out payment.... it's not trust worthy
Not free
i rate it a star, why would u ask for money when it a free app, you should just place a price on the app instead. im uninstalling after this, thanks for wasting my time.
I thought I'd try this app out, but had no idea that they charge weekly for it. I looked in Google but there's no sign of a subscription. Nor is there a way to cancel...SCAMMMMM
I clicked a link on Facebook for a chakra test and it asked me to download the app. Once the app was downloaded I answered a series of questions and then was asked to pay. No test, no trial... no thank you. Trickery is never the way to earn business.
I was downloading the app decided to read the reviews and instantly regretted my decision. I understand delevoper that apps can be expensive to make but these people (me included) don't know what they are paying for you shouldn't ask for money before people know what they are getting. if that's the case just put your app in the paid section and charge a standard price! that way you get money upfront from each person. people will keep uninstalling this app!
No trial period for new user without payment. Very costly for the product being offered. Not sure why it is better than other trending apps like headspace/ calm which are providing similar items and are very reasonably priced.
Hello I fake the app because I understand it just one paid of 9.99. Now I received another charge . I need to cancelled my order as soon as possible. This is my Inbox # 16555573
This is a scam. And not a free and either. You can download it for free but cant do a single thing without paying.
Useless
useless dont weste your money.
I would've given zero stars if it was an option. It never clearly said that it was a subscription, I paid $9.99, but they kept taking this money out of my account every week. I requested for cancellation and emailed them to refund my money but no responses yet! I wish I had read the other reviews before purchasing.
I uninstalled after seeing i have to pay money, haha
You cannot even trail what you have downloaded before it asks you for a mandatory payment... bit of a con, was not what was advertised.
Make it free
First, they somehow rated themselves 5 stars from my account. Apparently this is a permission you give them?? Then, they charge weekly instead of monthly as was advertised. Finally, the app isn't listed under my subscriptions, so I'm having to contact Google play directly to cancel my subscription since they offer no other way to do so.
Don't install this app
Tatti app
❗❗❗❗❗❗❗❗❗❗❗❗❗ This is one of the best fake app currently available on Play Store.. I don't know why Play Store is is not removing this .. . Even if u see that this free app it's a paid one.. And I guess they done it to improve their downloads .. Worst app with Fooling ads
no free option
I cannot find this in my google play subscription but have been paying already! I need to cancel this asap
Waste!
I need to unsubscribe to this however I never downloaded the app and I'm being charged 6.99 and 9.99 it seems like every week. I want to speak to someone asap. The only email I've received are the ones from PayPal showing that this app has taken out my money!!! Where is customer service!!!!
Pagas por un estudio que no llega y el app está limitado
This app is horrible. It's given me such a headache from trying to use it and even more from dealing with their customer service. I accidentally paid for the full version (there is no free trial). I tried to cancel within minutes before the charge even hit my card. They refused to let me cancel it, they refused to refund me. Don't even bother to download the app.
Don't even bother installing. You won't be able to even try it, unless you provide them your credit card information.
It is made so difficult to unsubscribe that I cannot manage it. An amount has already been subtracted from my card that I was not expecting. Please help me to unsubscribe!
I've been trying to delete my subscription for several weeks now without any luck. The struggle is not worth it.
lol you have to pay to use what a stupid app
I downloaded this and have played about $27, in about a week! I've emailed you twice with no response and it doesnt state on my account that I have managed to subscribe to the app somehow so unsure why I am being charged so much! I havent used it either. Can someone please get in touch to resolve this.
I want to cancel the subscription immediately. I'm not willing to pay so much every week. You haven't specified anywhere that for how much duration you are charging 4.99$. Utterly disappointed
too expensive
No preview. Cost too much.
without money they don't even let us try
After taking 2 of the7 purchased days to be able to access the products. The products are not what was advertised and purchases. I just listened to the least engaging guided meditation ive ever heard, on anxiety. The program i believed i was purchasing had to do with chakra balancing and sleep. Highly do NOT recommend this product.
You can't use it for a second unless you but it for 6 months. They should've avail a trial for minimum half an hour. otherwise how else would we know that it's working!!!
A trial period...NOT stated before downloading. Idiots!!!
Canceling subscription is a big issue. Instructions are misleading and the app takes money every 7days.
BetterMe developers should die.
You'll be loosing weight just because of the frustration it causes. If i was the only one then i would contact them. But I'm not and this is so that ppl dont install terrible apps
just wasted 10mb mobile data
I want a refund back to my card charged 9.99 and it was supposed to be free first to try it 🤬🤬
It's not for free
De entrada piden demasiado dinero por algo tonto...
scam
Wanted to try this out so I subscribed for the free 7-day trial. My card was charged right away. This app isnt anything special, especially not for the price. I uninstalled and cancelled the subscription not even an hour later. Am not impressed that they took money from my account before I could even decide if I wanted to keep it or not. Expecting my money back!!! 😡
you can't even Preview this app without payment..
I downloaded the apps and I thought the apps is one time subscription. The info regarding the weekly renew is zero and then deducted me thru my account without noticed me. The subscription for the apps is costly, it charge $9.99 weekly !
****Do not download app !!! it will charge you before free trial ends I 
understand it's on an automatic subscription but the payment was still was 
not processed on the day the the free trial has ended as agreed upon which 
is illegal!!! I GOT CHARGED 48 HOURS PRIOR SO LIKE I SAID ITS ILLEGAL
Scam
Don't download it.. The app will not even get start of you don't pay for it. Zero star
Trying to unsubscribe but can't find it on my google play. I was under the impression it's a one time payment but the payment keeps getting debited. Pls advice how to unsubscribe.
Please install later to find out PAY FIRST. It is an immediate desinstal
Very basic. Nothing you cant do by yourself. Its basically just background audio, no guided meditation or anything you would expect to get for paying a subscription fee. Totally not worth the money
Have to pay for it and is not cheap
Let me just tell you something, healing and having treatment for anxiety through an app should be free, otherwise why not going to a real therapist. I was having hopes to use that app and then a seven trial popped up to put my account number?!! NO THANK YOU!! NEVER INSTALLING THAT APP AGAIN😡
SCAM! Do not try the free trial! The subscription does not show up in Google Play and you cannot cancel and they don't get back to you. I have to dispute the charge with my bank.
App where home page is Payment ))
#BetterMe was just theft my 720 rs just right now with out my permission at all.... This is not a right way to work... Not at all. How could u deducted rs 720 with out my permission not even once. Is this is d way to deal with costomers. I dont want to continue my cubscription any more... Than why u deducted my money without my permission is this not a froud.... I was realy so so so disappointed..
Paid app
waste app
App should be free
8mb total waste
SCAM. They make you think you're paying once off for the app and then they take more and more money out of your account. You can't cancel! I've reported them to my bank and PayPal. Don't buy this app!
Got this app for $9.99 deal which started nothing about a subscription. There was nowhere to log in on the app and contacted the company by email and was told I would get 6month free subscription only to be charged again another $9.99. Tells you to go to google play store to cancel and nothing in there to be able to do so. Waiting on someone to contact to cancel this subscription
Waste
you have to tell about that the app is paid or free
People this app is really hard to cancel subscription. I have and having a problem with canceling my subscription so much now because i tried to unsubscribe by myself but it didnt work and then i emailed to the support team but no one responded me even they wrote on their FAQ and auto reply email that there will human response reply back in 8 hrs or less now. The app is really tricky i thougt my subscription was monthly but it turned out a weekly subscription with 4.99$ which is so expensive!!!
So..like everyone else here, i got scammed aswell here is the emal i have sent...and no response whatsoever, except automated message. I STRONGLY ADVISE AGAINS USING THIS APP OR SYSTEM THEY OFFER. "i have paid for  a personalized program and i was told i was gonna get in in max 2hrs..still nothing???its been 2 days...please adress this issue or i would like my funds back." Too bad i can't give them 0 stars
Straight to a payment no I won't be paying bye
Don't ever try to advertise on Instagram again worst app, Trial of 7 days should not ask for payment details...!!!!!
bekar hai
It's a scam. As I read it online, I am supposed to be paying 9.99$ once and now I am charged on a weekly basis. Worse of all, there is no option to unsubscribe.
After asking 5 questions which I've skipped they analysed my answers and ask me to buy their plan for ₹2700 Funny🤣🤣🤣
There is no unsubscribe button if you subscribed from the website surver add. And now I can't find their website. It is not subscribed through Google play store.
proved by scientists??
Atleast provide a free trial first...
Money scammer apps.please remove and sue that bastardd app
Useless App. They'll directly ask you to pay without any trial of what we'll be getting after paying.
I want to give 0. Horrible app, don't get
a totally money app why don't you guys tell first that it's not free 😡😡
dear maker, 3 days trial ? lol and 1 month pack ?? honestly this app is just for money , useless ,
Why does it need credit card details? Why tf?
I found first application that request credit card for free trial
Could not find the chakra test that was advertised. And tried to sell me a subscription before I could even explore the app.
My first try at meditation, it was pretty lame, but i am willing to keep trying
Bad
Do not waste your money.
Pay before I can use it? I don't think so. Also your ads on insta are misleading
You need to pay since day one. Better charge you for installing the app so you know what you're getting into. 😂
Exactly some of the other comments. Did the chakra quiz. Thought I was just buying the app plus nutrition outright not going into a subscription. Then they charged me the next week. And if I was honest the voices of the meditations aren't great. And it's a basic app. I only downloaded for the nutrition and i didn't even receive that.
Hate this...it require card details for free trail..wasted my time
This APP and customer service is a freaking Joke... I used a gift card to pay for the subscription thinking I was paying for a monthly subscription but then charged again a week later and then another week later. So at this point I'm furious. Trying thru Google refund policy
Basically other apps are free because you pay them with your data. This apps expects you to pay them to collect your data . Brilliant scam considering the services advertised in this app are usually marketed to people who are obviously not in a good place and are desperately trying to feel better.
I was charged after the trial period with out my consent. I don't find the subscription details on Play store too. please refund the amount and cancel anh further subscription.
got the same issue like everyone else! didn't even kw i was being put under a subscription!
Paid app
Very bad...not given chance to test about app...you have to force to pay initially...😂😂😂
I not try because I will not put my credit card
it tells u to buy the trial which is $1 per week
How do I cancel this? I did not know it was a subscription based product, let alone a weekly subscription this is terrible, love the content but clarity on the business model and subscription is very disappointing! My response to the reply: I did email help before I even posted this review, and still no response! :/
They want money for access to anything helpful
Proposed free trial and subscription and stole my money when I accepted
9.99 a week? Robbery!!
Don't like the Ala Carté programs after accepting the initial program.
You should make trial period totally freez without asking to fill in payment details. I have uninstalled the app the moment I saw that.
Worst app
No no no... why should bettering one's self be so expensive?!? Not worth it! Make it free or don't make it at all ((money hungry scum bag companies here))
should be free
Worst app ever
TERRIBLE!! Cancelled this A LONG TIME AGO. So i thought. You keep charging me $9.99 3x in 1month. Investigation has been open. DO NOT GET THIS APP!!!!! They will RIP OFF!!!
need payment
You used to be free. If I have to pay you to use your application then I can go to Wal-Mart and pay the 9.98 +taxes one time and listen to it on my DVD player.
you have to pay for almost everything I wouldn't want you to have a worse experience than me
Paid what I thought was a one off fee only to find i am being charged $9.99 on a WEEKLY basis! There doesn't seem to be any way to unsubscribe. This is an absolute scam
no star. atleast it must give a week trial for free.
misleading payment plans! contacted support as cancelling seems to be a difficult process.
wast of time
Same as everyone, about the free days trial,
bad method of "trial" Trial means that you should give something to try. You have your methods - now you have my star.
Very bad they trick you to pay
Not free
Lies
I read the terms and conditions first...yall better read up before 
purchasing. Be smart people dont just press buttons. Read.
Firt step after installation.....fill out your credit cart details 😂😂😂
Wish there was ZERO STAR option. Terrible business. Created a "plan" for me and once I paid to get said plan, the plan needed me to buy EXTRAS to access "plan"!!! SCAM. SHAM. SHAME ON YOU!!
Reply to my emails and resolve issue.I had decided to try this app after seeing a marketing campaign. I made the payment for 9.99dollars I guess. But it was only later that I realized that it was subscription. I have sent 3 emails since then asking you to cancel my subscription but there was no response and my card was charged again yesterday. I am forced to cancel my card to avoid being charged again. If you say, you will respond in 24 hours, stay true to it. This is feeling more like a scam.
whats rubbish nothing is freee. everything is paid. these are the people who love money more than customers. worst app don't download it
لعبه بتخزي ما بتقدر تلعب الا لما تشتري
CAN'T DO ANYTHING WITHOUT PAYING. WHY WASN'T THIS MENTIONED IN THE AD? WHACK.
No sample content without tying you to a free trial. This business model cannot possibly be working for you.
It needs visa information first
In free trial period only you guys charged me 2850inr through Google play services, whereas I cancelled the subscription before trial period ends, this is the clear case of cheating and I need my money back. despite of writing and your reply, you guys neither returned money nor continued my subscription. both ways loss, this is clear case of directly robbing the customer.
DO NOT INSTALL
Unsatisfied it was supposed to be a one time payment i read it before I purchased it but not even 7 days later im hit with a 10.00 charge. This is ridiculous and there was no way in the app itself to cancel anything
Fake not frree app
App is technically not free. It's free to download, they have you take a test to provide you with your plan to accomplish your goals and immediately after the test your asked to pay in order to use the app. Theres too many free apps that provide essentially the same service. The "calm" app is a great one for meditation.
False advertisements on Instagram saying you can get your Chakra health tested. Breathing programs are all the same. Will be deleting this app.
False advertising. Claims to be free until you open it then they want an 
enormously outrageous price and fees. Should not be allowed on Playstore
Pay wall
I'm Not paying. DO NOT BUY! THIS IS A MEMBERSHIP!
Don't install unless you ready to pay, no trial even for 1 minute. How can I pay without trying the app even for few minutes.
It increase stress when it comes to payment page.
Not responding ! I don't recommend anybody
No trial
Purchased for 5 dollar from facebook ad. They said they will said personalized meditations as per problem but nothing like that, its just random app. Also they sent few things personalized on email but they are in Json format, Now what is Json format? How to use that? Cant they send data in some convinient form...
Scam app
Don't download!!! They charge weekly and you can't cancel!!! And I emailed you and you didn't reply ID682469
Everything is paid
worst thirdclass app
,Be aware from those apps . they only gives you videos and music which you 
can find for free on the web they sell it here on this trash app . do not 
install useless app .. ------ dear app developer team : please do not 
respond to my review.
Expensive no free trial
Did what was a 1 week trial, can't find a cancellation, or even a subscription authorisation. Can't request a password reset and can't remove my account.
Asks for payment first
Kidogo kidogo
Fake app. False advertising. It also looks like this is a scam.
Terrible app, was supposed to be a one time fee and was supposed to get an email 2 hours later. Got charged £5 & £7 on 4th December and never received an email. Then on 14th December got charged £5 & £7 again. I've emailed them to cancel this immediately, no reply. No where to unsubscribe on Google Play, or on the app or even the website!! Definitely a scam!!
Paid $9.99 and it did not unlock anything. Just trying to start using the app requires ANOTHER paid subscription. What a shame that a meditation app is not honest.
No trial uninstalled
Subscription price is too high to afford.
Don't work att all
Wont let me try for free without choosing a payment plan really disappointed ;(...
sadly I download before reading reviews. I have sent an email clearly stating to remove me. if any money is removed from my account I will not hesitate to take legal action. it states it costs $9.99, there is nothing stating a subscription. giving misleading information for financial gain is illegal.
Very decieving organisation and subscription process, i wasn't made aware at the time of signing up that this is a weekly subscription!! What a farce. I have emailed on numerous occasions over the last 4 weeks however I only received one automated response. Zero customer service. Had to contact bank about cancelling future payments. This is a scam. DO NOT SIGN UP
Not worth the money. It's a few videos, meditation sounds, and really bad courses if meditation
No trial. Don't download unless you're willing to spend a lot per month to chop things with funny sounds. -- Edited after developer's reply -- I woul like to clarify that my intent is not to play, but to meditate. Also, before being cynical, take a look at your reviews, understand what's wrong with your project and adjust your strategy. Either that or you'll have no app to sell in no time! :) -- Edited after developer's edit to their reply -- That's a good way to start. Thank you.
Can't immediately pay for something that you're not exactly sure what it does.
It's really bad, you should pay money for an inhale and exhale. You can open YouTube and see how people do it. I prefer YouTube, not this app, because you should pay money for nothing😡
No free trail wastage of time
you have to pay once the app is installed, im uninstalling mine, would have gave it zero stat
Don't install it just work when u pay
To much expansive
I know you have to make money but do you seriously want to make money by making someone's life miserable? Anger should never be shown! If you attain calmness by cutting something then the anger would increase in your system!! It's a proven theory and name of the app? Seriously? Better your life and miserable others life.
don't install make you fool.
Terrible scam... No where do they say they charge you weekly... I didn't even get get a free subscription period like I was supposed to get. There is no way to cancel your subscription on your own.
bekar app
Don't waste your time installing this app unless you're okay with filling up your credit card informations to access the 7 days trial, you can't try the app otherwise.
not free
bad
I took the quiz and paid for "meditation plan" to help unblock chakras.. little did I know I just paid for the app... AGAIN. With no plan to help my Chakras nor does it say anything about Chakras in the app. It's a scam to make you pay for the app... I took and payed for the test twice. Garbage.
not really
Should be free with ads. 🙄
Opened app, all looks really good, 2nd menu already charging money, disappointed
Silly App. They start charging before the trial period ends. If this 
happens to you... Raise Chargeback to this.
pathetic.. you r cheats. u cheated me off my 3500t rs..and your support id doesnt exist...ur intention is malicious. ur frauds.
Makes you have to pay to use but free to download. Total scam set up.
Bad
Poor poor poor
worst app ever
False advertising not free at all. I didnt6even try it. It's a scam!
Worst $ ever spent. Computer voice not good for meditation.
I didn't even get past the payment screen. I can either enjoy a 7 day free trial and then pay $10 a month. ($120/yr) or I can pay $30 a year now as a yearly payment. Well, I don't want to spend $90 extra on something I really like. I also do not want to drop $30 on something I hate. Your payment options are horrendous. I should not be penalized so harshly for merely wanting to try your app to see if it is a good fit for my life.
This isn't for me. I found it dull and unaffordable. Please read the rest of the reviews before you start! I am going to remove my subscription.
payment details should be asked after I agree to continue and should not be automatically done, people tend to forget after 3 days that they have to renew or not renew..Good way to dupe money
paid app without trying it for even 1day
Don't download this app, they will debit your debit card more than once.
Horrible.
was double charged by this app even though no backup payment wasn't set up it used an alternate card on my google account and then charged the card that the app was set up with also
Paid
It's paid app don't installed because the didn't tell
Very bad app do not try to install waste of time. I star is too for it I want to gave 0
These cheaters only want money...
Hi, I have written to support about subscription cancellation, I subscribed through Instagram quiz and it was charged like a one time. Now it is charging automatically on weekly basis and there is no option available to cancel the subscription. This looks like a scam app... Please refund.
Want money for almost everything
I was about to download the app but the negative reviews prevented me from downloading it. Btw I am happy with my mind and life, I don't wnat to better myself.
I downloaded this from an Instagram ad and now I can't do anything without paying a fee every week? And I can't unsubscribe by myself
This is scam. Don't download it. It will sink with your contacts and photo 
gallery and will publish your personal details online.
The app price indicates that it would be of good quality, but it's not. The voice overs are totally annoying and sound like they are done via artificial intelligence, not an actual human. If you charge 30 pounds for 3 months, think again about your offering.
This is a SCAM do not use this app!! I've tried to cancle my subscription and nowbody has replied to my emails. There is no way to cancel this subscription on the app easily. They continue to take money out of my account to this day. I wouldn't suggest using this app there are better free ones out there.
They offer a 7 day free trial so why do I have to put my credit card number?? Waste of time!😡
Not free guys don't install
Pay before testing the app 😤
Have you ever thought about the people who dont have credit cards? Of course not, all you want is to make money.
worst
Absolutely shocking that you charge £9.99 each week without even letting anyone know its a subscription. It stated to me that it was a one off payment! This is dispicable! Not only that, there isn't even an option to cancel!
Expensive app , its not free
I downloaded just because of the ad on instagram. Then it wants me to pay for my results even though it said free results on the ad. I will just go back to using YouTube for meditation music.
The ads told me there's chakras functions observation, but there's no chakras focus on that, also the apps promptly make me pay before going in further, and i don't found what I'm looking for, I'd like a refund
Subscription plan is miserable. You should let the users try for free without having to enter card details beforehand.
Scam
the meditation voices are absolutely awful and when you sign up they don't tell you that they're going to charge you every week. I've been charged $9.99 twice in the last eight days. Total scam alert!
Scam. 1st of all, I realized it was a trial and there would be a subscription charge. Did not realize it was $17/week. Go to remove my auto renew through google play, but the app doesn't show up in my subscriptions area. Fortunately I could cancel it via PayPal. A $17 one time payment would have been fine, but they managed to scam me for $52 before I caught it.
Without any concern how can your app register me for a payment from my 
bill. This is loot.
Worst app uninstall within 1 minute of download Why they are asking for 
subscribe and pay first...
lame ...
I found the advertisement of this in facebook and subscribe to it. But until now I haven't receive my subscription. Its been 3days now. I emailed them but no human response. My complaint number is 757302. I want also to cancel and ask for a refund since I haven't received and used it.
worst paid app
This app is a big fraud! I did not want to sign up for a subscription at all. On the top of it, the content is horrible and meditations are fast and the voice is really irritating. I want my money back and cancel the subscription immediately!
Misleading advertisement
i can found some videos on YouTube for free
money drain or vent enabled
u have to pay
I'm very disappointed. Obviously it's paid app. Download only free. I'm uninstalled it. Sorry😡😡
Same issue as everyone: not specified subscription, that renewals automatically and can't unsubscribe.
Horrible. Not advertised correctly. You have to pay to get the information. Why is it that information that is needed to better ones self is never free? Sigh.
Asking for payment method in very first page is a worst thing. We should 
automatically gain 7 day trial access without entering any data. If we like 
we can provide the payment method. Otherwise, we simply uninstall it.
I wanted to give this app a try. Alas, it asked for my credit card info. Which is not user-friendly at all, especially with MANUAL removal of subscribtion. Perhaps the logic is for users not to download and enjoy trial only without staying for more, but you can see that this tactic isn't working well for your reputation.
it's paid app
Thanks that I reviews before I bought.. uff narrow one
Without informing me Rs 2850 reduced for the subscription. Very much upset. 
Be aware Dear All
Klomp tos die. Credit card detail se gat
Asking to pay without even using it. Worst app
This app is the biggest scam. No way to cancel subscription. I would keep it if the cost was monthly, but weekly payments of $10 is just absolutely ridiculous and over the top. I am about to share a nice little post on ALL social media sites about the scamming of this app especially if I dont receive my money back or a way to cancel my entire subscription.
MC app
I wanted to take the test. So I hit take test. No test. But I get sent to the play store. you wanna trick me into downloading this app.. you can not be trusted. You play games and I would deff not give you my card info. As you seem to like to play games. Now here you are with a 1star becuz you think we your could be clients are dumb. Please stop treating us like we have no brain and are easy to be tricked. Learn to be Honest. Good Lord.
Very minimal fearures. There are Better free apps
hah, you say 3 days free, but immediately say subscribe. so if I forgot to cancel in 3 days, payment will be charged. dont do this. removed. app maybe good, but I remove every app that we works like I described. update: I understood that I can cancel, but, maybe I dont event want subscribe after trial, but subscription already is. ask for subscription AFTER 3 days trial, then it will be more user friendly.
Instant uninstall. If BetterMe wishes people give it a try, please make another app with less features... No credit card for a 7 day trial.
Saw an advertisement on Instagram for this app claiming to be a test to disifer which chakras are blocked. The link sent me to download this app😒 so I downloaded it thinking that this app had the test that was advertised on Instagram, but before I could even do anything on this app it just shoved a monthly subscription in my face. Deleted. I can't believe people are still doing click bait in 2020.
is this app a prank or just too waste our time. u r showing pic of building and without seeing the actual building u have to pay fully after that if it's good u r lucky if bad u money is wasted. don't try to steal other money
SAVE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT, I REPEAT DO NOT GET INVOLVED WITH THIS COMPANY/APP/WHATEVER. BetterMe is more like BrokeMe. In signing up the terms stated that the amount was $9.99 ONE TIME purchase price. Imagine my surprise when I was charged WEEKLY for $9.99. I haven't even had the opportunity to use the app NOT EVEN once. Canceling my subscription has been less than straightforward. Transparency must be a FOREIGN CONCEPT to this company. Virtual highway robbery is what this is.
No free trial to check.
What a joke 😡😡😡
I literally installed the app just to find out that I need to pay to be able to use this app. I cannot even do anything without a subscription.
Don't get this app. They will continue to take out $ from yr acct about every 2 weeks for 6.66$
I stressed because it is a paid app.
Took money of me but still can't access most of the programs.. What does that mean?!!! I want to cancel and get refund please
Money can not buy meditation.
Fake application
I downloaded this app yestarday payed for two things neither of witch was over $10 today the app took $50 from me My Last $50 i emailed customer support and they only told me the subscription has been Canceled and They will not refund!!!! Think Twice Before You`re the next victim!!!
Requesting a refund. Though they slipped in the trial period at the final purchase screen. They don't explain the further payments. Looking at the app it's not worth the $9.99. Don't waste your money. A FB ad tricked me.
I got this app from a facebook ad. And I wish I read the comments. Because I am having the same problem. I thought it was a one time payment. I'm paying every week for something j dont want, and cannot unsubscribe, because Google play says I'm not subscribed. I HATE THIS! ******************************* After this post and reaching out to their customer email listed in the resolution center on PayPal, I got a prompt reply and refund. This I am grateful for.
This app is just for making money. Bloody bastar . Ask money before 7-day trial. Never buy. Pay money to hire some pro and rejoice . Nasty app
Obviously a scam for that price, they put some generic meditation sound files in it, some cool videos and breath g techniques and some music for sleep
नही च रहा है सबसे बड़ी प्रॉब्लम जब आप 3 दिन फ्री दे है हो तो चलाने दो ना पेमेंट ऑप्शन बाद में भी दे सकते हो
Horrible. I was expecting a one time payment then suddenly I'm getting charged all the time and the mediations are short and lack focus. Sticking with the free Headspace meditations is better than this.
They charged me 1 day prior to the free trial period. I canceled 
subcription and recieved sms from the bank that they have charged me 41.09 
usd for 6 months. It is a rip off i will file a complaint to the google.
You have to pay to use this app, it's not free. Don't bother downloading. Can't use any of the app, so stupid.
straight away they need money..
i think it,s free
stupid I hate it
It all costs money
it was a yes ti they needed my credit card 1st...
No trial
Its $30 a year
Haven't got a message back when I told them I can't reset my password, it didn't say it was a subscription anywhere also, I don't think they will refund the 10 at all, I will change this review if someone helped me please.
DONT download this app. This is a useless app which is not friendly user at all. It's weekly subscription and I didn't even subscribed. I can't find my subscription on my list in play store and I can't cancel it and they don't respond to their mailbox. They deducted from 3 weeks until now and I guess they will deduct more as I don't receive any replies !!! I want a refund for my money The 6 digit number from the email 632881
The app is only free to download but nothing in it ia free, such a bait
I have installed last night. It does not work at all. It is either a fake or a spying element. نصبت التطبيق البارحة ، وهو لا يشتغل ألبتة. فإما انه مجرد حيلة او انه عنصر تجسسي.
fraud app. will charge you weekly
Do not download this app... Waste of money
it costs
Absolutely worthless, for a free app yall certainly do charge a lot, thanks for lying ya greedy mfers
Not free !
Worst app..
Just waste of money don't use.even trail is paid. I don't want to have brain orgasm.😵😵😵
It cost $4.99 a month!!! What a rip off. Immediately uninstalled the app.
I can't discover the app without my card's details? I removed the app after 1min after installation :)
Trash
worst
this is a fraud. never download it. they charge u for a plan and then when u dkwnload app ask to pay again a weekly fee.
****It's a SCAM*** I Paid $9.99 via PayPal and downloaded the App as directed by 'hook link' on Instagram advertising this amazing Self Care opportunity. The App takes you to your 'Care Plan' however when you click on any of the 'topics' previously advertised to you in this plan, it takes you to a link that asks you got money to access the very item you have just paid for. Will be getting my money back!
Such a nice way to fool poor people, why would i give my payment details 
before I haven't even checked the stupid App. Thumbs Down!
Wish I had looked more thoroughly. Its like a poor man's version of the Calm app. Just download Calm its a million times better. This app keeps crashing and kicking me out. The people who narrate the meditation have dull uninspiring voices which grate on the listener. The videos are not relaxing and I haven't found anything to help on here. Not worth it if it was free. Very disappointing
I thought to try this app but it's not working unless I provide a payment method.... at least for few days they should give free trial so that user can know about the app.
can you please contact me i wanf a refund
Everything is paid
Not appreciated the marketing strategy, promote yourself with free editions 
if you succeed then ask for paid subscriptions. Prove then promote!!
For free trial enter your credit card details! Seriously! 😂
I started reading the reviews as the app was downloading and immediately I uninstalled it. If you want to charge people for the app don't make the download free. I feel like that is misleading. Plus it's way over priced. Im not sure how many people you had to pay to post positive reviews but I'm sure it cost most of your profits. Complete BS. Not even worth the 1 star. I'd rather pay for a case of explosive diarrhea than this app.
This app is created for money...
Do not install... Not worth it.
Worst experience ever. The scam is letting you thi k is a 1 time payment and then they start taking the payment monthly!
It was oh full
Credit card mandatory , you should mark it as a paid app, not free one
I wanted to cancel and be refunded it and they do not answer
You guys might as well make it free cause all I see is your reviews going down . There are better apps out there doing their marketing while asking for money or our credit card details after we try it out for sometime . I don't think it's worth investing it here when we can't even access it without having put in our details .
Not a way to ask for credit card on initial use
be carefull....just still your money WARNING
This is useless and you have to PAY FOR IT? MAKE THE APP PAID NOT WITH IN APP PURCHASE SO PEOPLE KNOW ITS NOT FREE
Advertisement for app stated to click it to take a test to find out in what state each chakra is in to personalize your home page or whatever. I installed the app and just got a home page with no test to find out at all. That's the only reason I installed.
Fraud
What is this bro fake app every thing is paid.. There is no free trail etc
When you don't provide a free trial version, how should I know that I'm not wasting my money? Would you pay for this if you were a customer? Blindly paying? Come on...it's not polite to ask someone to pay money for something that they don't know what it is!!! Just because you asked me about my goals and intentions at first, it doesn't mean that you can provide me a good plan and content after payment! I had to uninstall it immediately!
2800 INDIAN RS DEDUCTED FROM GOOGLE ACCOUNT ON DOWNLOADING TRIAL FREE 
VERSION.BEWARE PPL OF THIS APP.
The email is incredibly manipulative and blaming the customers! "Hello! Thank you for your question. We have received all your emails. To avoid further confusion we will reply in this email thread. We want to clarify the whole situation. You have made your registration on a website and not via the Play Store. That is why you cannot cancel the subscription via the Play Store directly. We have a number of people who are always ready to assist with any kind of questions and requests during the whole process as well as resolve any possible issues. We have canceled auto-renewal and processed a refund. There will be no further charges. It may take a few days for the funds to return to your account. We have diligently reviewed your profile. We provide both subscription and non-subscription packages. You have chosen a subscription-based package. To avoid such a misunderstanding, we make sure to highlight all pricing details before payment is made. And we are always open to any questions or requests before the purchase. You can make sure that this is just a regular misunderstanding if you go through the same pre-sale steps that are prior to the check out page. Please, tell us, is there anything else that we can help you with? Kind Regards, Team BetterMe" ------------------------------------------------------------------------------ It is a SCAM! I did not agree to any subscription but the are charging me weekly subscriptions! I want a full refund for your misleading fb ads.
You even ask for payment details just for trial.. no one would even feel to put in the details just for trial. A trial mode can be with less features but without mandatory payment details.
Uninstalled 45 seconds after first installation. they talk about subscription even before showing us value. probably betting on us to forget about the payment and minimum is 6 months payment.
Can not cancel subscription. Trash app, meditations suck anyways.
It's not having free trial
Not expected
I didn't realize this was a weekly subscription and now I can't cancel and nobody will get back with thru email
Most stupid app, it says it's free trial, and starts charging every week, and you cannot see this in your subscription also, 🙄 very pathetic, Google should remove this from playstore as it's cheating people.
When I installed this app it said it was a once off payment of $4.99USD. I have now been charged $6.99USD 3 times aswell as $9.99USD 3 times.. NOT HAPPY!!
don't waste your money
This company is a cheat, they charged me on the same day $9.99 then $6.99 . They leave you to believe you are buying the app for one price and then screw you over and not let you cancel the subscription! We should file a class action lawsuit if they continue to do this to people! Now since writing my first review 30 minutes ago and contacting them via email, they have charged me 2 more times!!! I am definitely filing charges! I've already stopped payment and I will not let this company scam me!
After you've download this app they will ask for payment immediately 👎👎
who's gonna pay money for this application!!
I was lead to this app under false advertisement. After paying $29.99 for subscription, I fou d out it had nothing to do with the ad I saw.
worst app plz don't download
When I decided to try out this app,I paid 9.99 USD and it was never mentioned that it would be any sort of subscription!You charged me another 9.99 USD, same as to the other people below that are complaining about same thing. I want this charge to be immediately refunded. What kind of business are you doing. Same as other reviews below, no option in Google play sits as subscription, so I can't quite understand how are you allowed to charge us what we did not comply with?Request #774990.
This is not meditation this a business. If any one wants to learn meditation. Read some buddhist books. It wont cost a penny
I think u suck (mon pip)
The subscription part is done on own after free trail,though it was not 
initiated from my side.I did not expect it.There is no refunding process 
too.This is, therefore not leaving good impression from a user point of 
view.I am totally disappointed.
I have emailed your company to cancel my WEEKLY subscriptions to no avail. I have been charged $51 so far & never use the app. What a RIP-off. CANCEL MY SUBSCRIPTIONS NOW!!!!!!! I am telling my bank these are fraudulent charges on Dec. 21, 2020 if my money is not refunded by that day!!!!
This app asks for your credit card information on the second screen after you open it. I'll learn to meditate on my own, thanks!
This app is frustrating because there is no clear way to cancel this subscription that your automatically signed up for I thought it was a one time thing in it ended up being every 2 weeks instead and of course there's no quick easy way to cancel it ridiculous.
SCAM!! When paying I clicked to quickly so I didn't know how frequently the subscription would renew. There is 0 specific info about the subscription in the app or on the website. I have emailed customer support and received no response. I haven't found a way to unsubscribe. Literally the day after I purchased my subscription I had multiple fraudulent charges on my bank card. I have disputed the charge with my bank. Save yourself a headache and get the Calm app
its not free
I paid to get my meditation plan and then i had to pay more to get it. What about the money already paid? I get nothing for that?
Poor app, not giving trial efore adding payment details, don't install
Not working and free trial is not working...
No mention of a subscription, I cancelled through Google play and they are still taking money each week out of my PayPal account, I have emailed with no reply... I don't know now how to stop this subscription! Its costing me over £40 a month!!!
Scam,
ERRRRRRRRRR I DONT WANT TO PAY YOU CALL THIS CALM I CALL THIS RAGEEEE
Nice😊
foolish app
In India market, u have to show your utility first , then u can claim for 
continuing service after satisfying the customer..
Paywall
What is the point of downloading a free app if u are going to pay anyways to test it that's rubbish and stupif
don't waste you money and valuable Time on such apps like this...
S***
DON'T LET THE 5 STAR LINE TRICK YOU INTO THINKING THIS IS A GOOD APP, JUST LOOKING AT ALL THE COMMENTS I CAN TELL ITS NOTHING BUT A SHAM, THERE ARE MORE 1⭐ RATINGS THAN THERE ARE 5⭐ RATINGS THIS APP ONLY HELPS THEM AND NOT THE USER SO IF YOU WANT TO BURN A HOLE IN YOUR POCKET THEN USE THIS APP OTHERWISE DON'T. THESE PEOPLE WHO MADE THIS APP DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU THEY ONLY CARE THAT YOU ARE THEIR CASH COWS.
No free trial. After downloading its just asking for a membership.
This app is not what you think it is. And charges your card with little to no way to cancel payments. What is going on here?
free
Updated review I have now sent 6 requests to cancel and refund my money with NO RESPONSE and was just charged again. This app should be removed from Google Play due to the inability to cancel and no response from the apps customer srv! 1/8/21-I have had to send 2 emails now and still have not heard back from anyone with a confirmation that my subscription has been cancelled. This is not acceptable!!! Email ID is 746545, 809878, 812727...CANCEL!!!!!!
1st let us try...how good or bad ur app is then ask for subscription 😏
I want to cancel
How would people bileve this app how it works will that be suitable for them without giving free trial to experience the things how would people buy the subscription
it’s paid
they just want money 😁
hum free wala admi
Uses your payment information to activate the 7-day trial, so they can 
charge you if you forgot to cancel, this is so sleazy
very bad💔
Do not download. Useless. Doesn't give any free demo.
There is no free trail period, you need to pay right away, ergo this app is not free and should not be advertised as such
This app stole my money!!!! Tells you you'll get a free trial and I was immediately charged $29.99 😡😡😡
i really hate this app.. only process of making money and making users fool
Scam!! I subscribed through a Facebook add & can't even access the app. The link provided does not have a sign in option for people who already paid. I am prompted to pay AGAIN for service I already paid for...I contacted customer support & was given codes that don't work.
Wroast app ...
If the app needs an instant paywall it means that the devs are not confident in their own application: "None will pay if they see the actual product". Also, if you press back button on the "subscribe" screen, the app start to "analyze my goals" again, in the same progress curve... It's obviously just an animation. The app knows nothing about the user, even if it does the calculation shouldn't take more than 400milliseconds. You should disable the back navigation, it breaks the illusion.
If you're making it "everything inside is paid" app, STOP GIVING THIS IN ADS. There is literally nothing can be done in this without payment, I don't see why it's shown in ads through social media, the clickbait stretegy is so overboard. Stop spamming us.
It's a paid app. Fake marketing
This app is a scam!!!!! Do not download it!!$#%& scam!!! We all demand to refund!!! All your reply is just a front - scammer!!! DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP, THIS IS A SCAM, 1 TIME PAYMENT - NO IT'S NOT IT'S EVERY WEEK PAYMENT! IF THEY HAVE THEYRE WAY I SURE WE ALL GET CHARGE EVERYDAY!!SCAMMER!!
Fake app
All about money
I am getting charged and was unaware of a subscription fee. I try to go to cancel it in the play store but there's no subscription information.
No idea what the app is like, but the customer service is horrible. I downloaded and paid before I realized that it's a $10/WEEK charge. I immediately contacted support via email several times, and attempted to call, with no response. I expected more from customer service: I want a refund, I want my subscription canceled, and I don't want to be goaded on and have my cancelation ignored, so that the company can get paid. Go to YouTube, or better yet, use the Calm app.
paid app,
You can't even test more than one or two features unless you pay. This is a blatant cash grab and the fact that the app is nothing special is truly aggravating. The fact that it's not a flat purchase and is a subscription is also ridiculous. 0/10, would not recommend.
worst app dont waste your time
Just stupidity
Just another app that wants more money.
Dude...your app will shut down soon if u dont remove this creditcard filling thing...
Suck required credit card
Can't even try without sharing credit card details....phuk man !LOL
Not even a free trial to use the app before spending that much money blindly. Yeah, no
No 💰
Dont Downloads its fake app for chakra test I download this for chakra test but there no f test and even for starting this app u have to pay in dollars.
weak
Worst
App is a scam in the name of meditation
No free use.. Bill first.. That sucks owell time to fine a better app ..... Chrap chrap chrap not worth it
Scam... initially was stated one time payment.. end up being deducted usd 9.99/ week... i want a refund!
Says 1x 9.99 and its everyweek- scam and I haven't been able to cancel or get my money back and I've never used it. Angry.
This app wont even let me open it
You guys are bad ,how can i trust to buy something if i dont even know how it works like ,at least put like a try option then people will know if they want to buy it
Their is no option to use it without pay the money.like other better me apps.hate it...
This is NOT a one time fee as advertised. Its a weekly. & its NOT everything it says it is in the description. Free meditations on youtube. I am calling to get a refund. I hope i get it quickly.
I am trying to cancel subscription as I did not sign up for €10 a week fee . Where do I cancel and stop this please
This app is not free after install this app app start begging for money, 7 
days trial also not working
This app is bs, you shouldnt have to pay money to try and get better.
Lmao
This is really worst app why u guys not mention here that is chargeable we 
have to pay for using this app u guys are really doing a. Business behalf 
on this understand.and please guys don't waste your internet for download 
this app why should we pay first even we don't know about the 
app,............................
Not worth the subscription fee. Not nearly enough content of value.
Same story. I didnt realize it was a subscription. I've emailed as instructed but no one has returned my emails and they continue to take money from my account.
Too much of fees
What a time wastage app, you guys just make money nothing else, highly disappointed
Very disappointed. Saw ad on FB. Signed up for App. Nowhere on the payment page did it mention this fee was a weekly charged subscription. Too expensive. I already pay a yearly fees for another mediation program. I really like the ASMR videos,but to much $$ for a bunch of 30 sec videos.
Don't install this bogus app. It will give you more stress.
You know what you could seriously kill a depressed person by commenting suicide if he is broke and needs something to cheer him up. Without a payment method this app is not usable not e even for free seven days.
I can YouTube... To reduce stress for free
Thought it was a one time purchase of 9.99, it's not. Comes out of my account every week. Can't cancel my subscription or get any one to help do so. Guess I will have to dispute the charges with my bank. Pain in the ***.
Sorry, this needs a trial.
Pls don't subscribe. Completely useless app. The suggested meditations are ineffective.
As with most of the other reviews I also cannot find the app listed on my subscription page, yet they are charging weekly. There is a warning in the app that simply deleting it will not end subscription and it has to be done through the google play store, yet it doesn't appear as a subscription so it's not possible to unsubscribe. The wording for the payment is incredibly misleading and the inability to to cancel suggests this is a scam. Which is a huge shame as the content seemed reasonable.
It's not, free at all. I didn't even see the disclaimer stating that there's in app purchases. I downloaded to find you have to pay to even test. Plus I see in reviews the main advertisement is not even avail? So why release if its not complete? I'm uninstalling.
Why do you have to pay
It stole my money... I was going to try the free trial to see if I really liked it or not but the app withdrew the money😡😡🤬. I ended up paying Rs. 720. This app is not even worth the money I paid. I want my refund😡😡😡
One star for their aggressive and deceiving marketing. Saw an ad for this on Instagram, and I was genuinely interested to try it. It starts out promising enough, with a series of questions to establish what you're looking to gain from meditation and other mindfulness practices. Once you answer, however, they pull a bait and switch and take you to a payment page without any option for a trial. Super shady practice and an overall waste of time - way to gain the public's trust in an altruistic app
Why do i have to subscribe inorder to use trial?
Simply scam. No Assessment report and No Improvement report, no Chakras, only Chakra visible is Zero content
Don't waste your money. This app is click bait and no free trial. You don't even get to test or try any of the meditations before they throw subscriptions in your face. The guided meditation has horrible robotic voices and there is no time for your "personal reflections/responses." Just horrible. Get the Calm app instead. A year subscription for calm is the cost of their 3 months.
Scam. I thought I was signing up for one time payment of 9.99. Then found out I actually signed up for monthly subscription for 9.99/month. Turns out it's really 9.99/week. I emailed them 6 times to cancel (I was told I can't cancel any other way) and never received a response. I'm still being charged. Still waiting for them to be professional.
I need your help to refund my subscription!! I'm not happy with this app, I 
hardley use it and I just think that I've should have been noticed that you 
will debit my credit card!! I already tried to refund online but I don't 
have the option " more " to demand the refund, as I have the posibility to 
do that! I would apreciate you prompt response!
Scammers. Worst app ever. Why googleapp store lets such a frauds be part of them. Very disappointed. Can't cancel my subscription as it anywhere to be seen. Have to contact my bank now (((((
The subscription is way too expensive.
Asking for payment detail even in 7 days trial and there ad was its free... 
just to get downloads.. Do not use fake trick to incrase your downloads.
Scam. False ad. DO NOT FALL FOR IT. THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY. There's NO 7 day trial, no chakra test, nothing but robbed of 35 bucks.
😤
Don't pay for anything until you read the FINE print. I have been charged for 3 weeks in a row without knowing how to turn it off until I by chance found out how to disconnect it from PayPal. IDK if the app is good or not. I never really had time to look into it. But it should tell you that you are signing up for a subscription.
I would love this app if it weren't so expensive to unlock everything. Theres only a few basic options available unless you have a paid subscription.
Having to pay weekly for something I dont use everyday is too much. Then whe I tried to cancel the subscription like it suggests on the app, it doesnt show up anywhere for me to be able to cancel. Loved the idea of the app, not worth the headache!
It did not tell me right at the beginning that it is an exclusively PAID app. Do NOT install if you do not want to blindly pay.
You have to pay ₹3600 for trail
No free plans
Good work.. But simply doesn't worth pay for it at all.. Even 1 cent.. The 
nice part is only relatively poor people are suffering from stress and 
insomnia.. People who aren't able to pay
too expensive to this aap we would appreciate that if it for free put this is sucs
Paid for Meditation app via an advert on Instagram thinking it was a one-off payment, but it's a subscription service that I can't cancel!!!! CANCEL MY ACCOUNT NOW. I have emailed you, my ID is 635311. I will take legal action if nothing is done. I AM NOT HAPPY!!!!!!!!!!
scammer installing for free and can't use it without money that's a manipulation and wasting people's time
Terrible, guys please don't buy the subscription to this app, they charge WEEKLY!!! the worst part about this? If you buy the "weekly" subscription you cannot cancel manually, you have to CONTACT the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE you'll ever have. Is been 3 weeks since I've been trying cancelling my subscription but no answer given. I recommend other apps, this people only want your money. And if you still want to try do it via PayPal so you can cancel. But just pass this app, is the WORST
wrost app
Nice try.
They charge u for no reason and take money more often than explained because there is no info on time frames!
Free trial requiere credit card, cant really test the app without credit card, instant uninstall, that says they only want money, probably just a placebo app with a hope subscription
Hey I have just purchased this and downloaded it and now find it is a weekly subscription not a one off payment. very very unhappy please cancel my subscription.
Why subscription required so fast ??
Dosnt let me get on
worst app zero star
This app is one big scam, disappointing and totally discouraging ,what a waste
Hhahahah
This is such a scam!!! They've been charging me $9.99 it seems, every few days! I tried to cancel and I'm not able to! This is horrible and should be illegal. It is stated clearly in tbeir terms and conditions that you can cancel at anytime - and give you CLEAR directions how to do so --> you then follow the directions and that app subscription is no where to be found! Now I'm reading these reviews and it appears Illhave to email them!? And then wait!? They are committing a breach of contract!
*DON'T DOWNLOAD* I purchased this app for meditation, no mention whatsoever that it was a subscription my first payment I was aware of and willingly paid. But it's not even worth the money because the voices they use sounds like a robot and not relaxing/calming at all. I discovered I was billed weekly via my PayPal and cancelled the recurring payment from there and lodged a case against them. Hopefully they can help me get my money back. NOT WORTH IT GUYS!
No trial 😔😔😔 sad
This is not a game. Its a scam for money
Tricky tricky!
Can i have my money back? I don't even use it.
Useless. Read a book. 1000% better
dont download this app its paid apk ...........
Fuck this shit
THIS IS A SCAM I was offered a deal that would charge me 14 USD and now i see that 22 dollars have been extracted from my account and you can see any other review DO NOT GET THIS APP
I downloaded this app because of the advertised chakra test but it is nowhere in the app. On top of that, I tired to download the free 7 day trial but the app charged me for the year. It is somewhat confusing how it is set up when you make the Selection, I know i pressed the trial but i got charged? I emailed about 2 weeks ago BetterMe support asking for a refund and i still havent gotten a reply. I feel like they are hoping I'll forget and they get to keep my money. Not impressed with this app
you should also have per month plans, why are you taking 6 months money in advance!!!! and you should atleast give a 30min. trial of the app features before asking for money. i installed it and uninstalled within 5 minutes, or you can launch a limited feature app with ads to earn so we can get an idea, what we are paying for.
I suppose it was 7 day free trial which means you can figure out if the app is worth spending.But how can they go ahead deducting the money in the begining then how is this a free trial option!!
Bad
at least, give some free trials before taking our money!
Too stupid to not be free
nulllllllllllllll
Im not about to spend money on something I might have zero use for
dont download it they advertise it a satisfying cutting game and when you get in they just suggest you the planning .... no cool bros .....
Wow this app caused me stress
not free and very huge
When I signed up for this app. It said It would be a one time fee of 9.99. I see now it's a monthly charge so I want my 9.99 put back on my card and I want this subscription canceled because it does not give a place to cancel the subscription through the app nor google play. Please do not charge my card anymore and refund me my 9.99. thank you. You guys should say once you purchase the app you will be charged again.
Took a quiz for one subject, received a generic 21 page document and 7 day subscription, not the advertised 'find out what is blocked' information. You can find everything this app advertised for $10 for free in a million other places. Buyer beware - this is absolutely a scam.
u should give us a demo first before taking money from us
I downloaded this through an ad and did multiple payments before I realized that it's per WEEK charges. I immediately contacted support via email several times, and no response. I expected more from customer service: I want a refund, I want my subscription canceled, and I don't want to be goaded on and have my cancelation ignored, so that the company can get paid.I can't even tell which one of my emails are they using for this app.
i can't afford paid app
First time I literally have to input my card, just to try.
After reading all the reviews I would like to cancel my subscription I don't want to continue with this app the voice sounds robotics and it's very basic.i hate this app
i tried it for one day and deleted it. but they deducted 720 rs from my account. but if i'm logging in with my email it says that no such account exists with this email and if i signup with my email it says that this email is connected with an account so please login. now what should i do..
three screens in and it asks me to pay to "unlock my chakras". litetally just a gateway to a subscription.
for app trail also they need we select plan and purchase it , there should be no bar of select plan in trail period , what means if train you need to know without use no user will select plan uninstall instantly
Business apps
It's not gud to pay. So many another free apps on play store. Nothing 
special in this app
App doesnt work. Keep getting notifications for me but wont load my choices. Ove swnd 2 emails and no reply. Would not recomned this app to clients either. Dont waste your money.
Worst .after downloading it ask amounts
Pay to play. Will not even offer you a free trial.
I got lied to. In an ad they said it's a one time payment and I bought it thinking someday I would use it and apparently it's a one time payment every week. So I didn't receive a 'special plan for me only' (as advertised) and I already payed double the price. Also I can't find a way how to unsubscribe, so in the end I might pay even more. Very disappointed.
Not frre
I signed up for the free trial and they immediately tried to charge my card for the fee. Now I've been trying to go in and cancel my subscription and it doesn't show many any info on how to do that. Bad representation of "free trial".
FRAUD!!!! WATCH OUT! They keep charging me!! I've begged them to stop!!! HORRIBLE COMPANY. Horrible app, horrible experience.
I have tryed to cancel/unsubscribe and I even sent two emails!!!! U r still trying to take out the mo they charge and I unsubscribed the day after I downloaded it for my free 7 day trial. Bad business!!!
So why should i give my accounts information if I don't want to.
I think this app is a ripoff simply trying to see what its all about, only to realize you cant find a way (after hrs.) to get your Stolen money refunded! Assistance would be nice, however it seems like that's the catch to come up off of our !. i'd like to think during trying times like this people would have by now found a better way to handle customer service and not take advantage of others. $9.99 adds up and each swipe seems to cost more $19.99-$29.99, seriously just refund my $, it will be greatly appreciated. my rating 0 stars for the mere aggravation!
They make it IMPOSSIBLE to cancel and charge you every week! Very deceptive. DO NOT TRY!
Got charged for a subscription and didn't even open the app yet. Can't find contact info to get my money back. Have screenshots
I love apps that act like they're free, but the first thing that's shoved down your throat is a monthly payment plan, and you cant actually use the app without paying. Giving us a trail and maybe allow us to see what your app is about before payment plan (especially if your ad is FREE SPIRITUAL READING) might make for a better review. I HATE scammers and you sir seem like a scammer. This was a waste of my time, and im really sick of seeing these apps in the free zone. Get over in the paid apps.
Okay. So this is the recurring subscription. And they didn't mentioned anywhere, not even in opt in page. Secondly, they said they will send me my personalized plan for me based on survey I filled but no response from them even after sending 2 emails. And most of the programs in meditation section are for women. This app is a certain no no and I ask for refund. I believe the app is either in beta or something. Because the survey is totally irrelevant. The number is 727348, 725090.
WHO SELLS MEDITATION?? ARE YOU SERIOUS?? I JUST GOT THIS OFF YOUTUBE WHICH SAID IT WAS FREE USING BIBLE SCRIPTURES . WHY SHOULD WE PAY BIBLE SCRIPTURES?????? ARE YOU FREAKING KIDDING ME. DISSAPOINTED ASF
How to off it and deactivate my billing account
it's not free at all😏
blah
Delet this off playstore
No free trials
First I install it then I uninstall it!!😂😂😂
This is a scam, can't even use it. Deleted. Might as well delete this app because this is stupid. At least make it to where you can do a trial.
Not easy to cancel subscription after learning that my trail was only for a week when it said it would be for a month. Therefore more stressful than relaxing because I'm scared the app will keep charging me unfairly.
Added 1/2021 So they replied and canceled. After that, I got 8 emails asking me revise my review which I think is unnecessary. The reviews here actually warns people that its automatic ****** This is getting me more stessed! I should've read the reviews before purchasing! So i emailed them to confirm abt the $10/wk subscription that I never agreed to! They replied right away to confirm but WHEN I TRIED TO CANCEL, they NEVER replied!! How to cancel???
worthless
Cant even give 1 star. Please refrain from downloading this app..its a scam. They charged you weekly.
639008 please cancel my subscription
When subscribing I did believe that after the payment I can be using the app. But when I downloaded it asked me for another money. So after paying about €16 I decided I don't want to pay weekly another €5 or so. So I didn't use the app and after 3 weeks I see that they charged me already €50. After contacting them they gave me only €8 refund. Please avoid the same mistake.
Its not a free they can mention this earlier 😥
Rubbish app. Nobody pays for apps nowadays
we should try before
It's paid app u they r showing trailer 7 days but it doesn't work first 
time there asking for 6 month payment which is 2000 +first let me try then 
I will go for paid version
False advertising and terrible customer service.
I will not pay
Installed and it literally crashed and didn't let me open the app. Deleted right after.
yall gay for that, it's a free app but you gotta have a subscription, I dont care if there a free trial there should be free options if it's a free app, dont download, it's a trap!
I don't like paying for something when I don't know how good it is. If I find it works well, I am more than happy to pay for it, but to even access the app I need to pay $0.99 cents. I know its not a lot of money but that isn't the point. I don't want to pay a cent for something until I know its worth it, after all it is my hard earned money. It's a shame, I was looking forward to trying this but will delete the app before I've had the chance to explore it properly.
All they want is money off u con
Bad Horable And dumb
3rd class app. At least provide a reasonable amount of weekly plan if you're charging a user. You don't even provide a free trial before payment. Please don't give me a "we are trying to better this app's policy" thing. Because you will never do it. All you guys care about are payment. Don't download this app. It's a waste of time.
worst
Didnt get past the payment. After reading the reviews i opted out of it since I couldnt try it and the reviews seem poor. Maybe have a 3 day free trial or something. The app seems like a good concepts but I am one of a million that isnt willing to pay 5 dollars to try it out.
Theyve charged me 4 times in one month for a service I dont want. Scammers. Never received any email from them explaining any of what I'm reading in the reviews here. I've asked to cancel with no response.
I don't like that I am not able to cancel after the trial period.
Steals people's money.
Very bad app
What am i paying for ??? Your ads?
Shakras advertisment but its just some stuff you have to pay monthly
This app is not for free
Very bad
worst
Wrost app ever i use
Dont Install this app if you think its free...It will ask you to pay first 
before you can use the app
Wasteful
I am really frustrated with "customer support team" I have not received a reply to my email after being told I would get a reply from a (human) in 24 hours or less. I need you guys to cancel my subscription and give me a refund. This app is absolutely not what what I expected!
Scam. I used this app for 2 minutes didn't feel like it was what I was expecting and now I can't get a full refund . Absolutely the worst experience I've had using any app period.Dont But Into It.
will not let me download
Because anyone has the money to drop $80 on an app. Downloaded and instantly deleted it.
The app is downloaded for free then any other features are paid
There is no unsubscribe button from app no support from app.
not good .. its a paid app . too much price
Same here, i didn't know it was a weekly subscription. I did not authorize the auto payment. Can anyone help me get out of this?
This app ask more than 2 lakhs and 86 thousands
Joined via facebook. There is no way I would of joined and paid $9.99 for SEVEN DAYS subscription. They entice you into paying 9.99 which you assume is a one time payment for the app. They also try to get you to pay for add on subscriptions, underneath the subscriptions in small writing it says for 7 days subscription period. I assumed the add on subscriptions were paid for every 7 days. They have conned me into paying them $9.99 for 7 days and will not refund. Vile
Making fool f*** all app
Don't sell something no one one can try out first,
Scam!! I want a refund now and i want to cancel my subscription at this moment, if you don't do that immediately we will meet in court.
Didn't reach my expectations....... Not even a few days of free subscription for downloading there app😒 to experience how it's feels. Instead you got all locked 🧐 don't even need a 🌟 to see that. Lol they manage to steal 😜 one from me you bloody Slytherin 🤧
this is a oopsie
7day trial required credit card 😒😒😒
It's paid app and very costly. A useless app
Fake they need money before even give an example of how it's work
It has debited my money from the bank before the free trail version ends 
without my consent and update approval When I asked for refund, it says 
that the app has not received the order and no refund is necessary. But the 
amount is debited from the bank account. How it happens..... There is no 
subscription details in the Google play store relating to the order.
No trial
Chu...
This has charged me twice and will not let me cancel my subscription. I didn't realize it would keep charging me. Anyone else know how to cancel the subscription and get my money back?
حاجه زفت خساره تنزيله
They say free but you must pay for everything 😤😖
Worest
i have almost 300 apps in my phone, never did a single app asked for the credit card information till now, i do try new apps everyday as well i dont know why you are doing it, how could one give those details that too without using it, i would have given no star but i need to give 1 so there it is, I call it a untrustworthy APP
Before subscription I like to know what it is actually. But it doesn't have that feature . I suggest it should clearly mention pay first ..in ad because we loose data while we download this .. it turn out a disappointing experience.
I signed up for the app, I paid $9.99. I apparently also paid another $6.99 for something extra that I still do not know what it was for. I started getting charged weekly $9.99 and $6.99. There was NOTHING telling me this was reoccurring, especially not every week. Customer service did refund me back 1 weeks worth of refunds but I'm pushing for my full refund. DON'T GET THE SUBSCRIPTION! UPDATE: Got full refund. They want me to update my review because of the refund. No. Truth needs to be told.
You pay for too many things
waste of Time waste of money
I didnt even see how the app works and he is asking for my credit card.. seriously?!!!
This is paid not mentioned in advertising
No free trial??
How the hell can i unsubscribe this app, total waste of money
A lot of the recordings won't work.
You have to pay... :/
quickly uninstalled after I realised it ain't free... like really!! all that cash
If you don't even let me try for free how will be able to buy it.
This is an updated review. I selected the free 7 day trial of this app on Instagram to see if I liked it. This app immediately charged me an annual fee. False advertising at it's finest. They just wanted to swipe $29.99. I sent an email since April 1st to their support about this and NEVER got a response but they leave false replies to reviews. They charged me for a year when I did not select that. Google play support does nothing about this app either despite horrible feedback. COMPLETE SCAM!
Very bad
Wants payment method for free trial!!! Seriously!!
Dear sir i unfortunately subscribed your service,2850 rs debited from my 
bank account, please refund my money back, please sir....
cant do anything.. as soon as the app is downloaded you have to pay in-app to be able to use anything...
This app is a total scam! I tried cancelling through email, twice, without any response from the developer and finally had to login to my PayPal and cancel payment. Two charges, weekly, for $6.99 and $9.99, WEEKLY! That's more than I pay for my friggin' gym membership and my music subscription combined! Don't install this app.
Thank you for understanding my concern regarding the 2 weeks subscription and cancelling it. You have responded very quickly to my email and have provided the resolution. Thank you BetterMe support team!
Trial with money 😠
You guys have charged me before the end of free trial i want the money back
Advertisement does not match app experience, in a grossly misleading way.
Better way to give free trail without filling card detail
Worst
I signed up for this this app thinking it would charge me 2.50 a month.Literally 5 mins after I realized they charged me $33 dollars I cancelled my subscription and asked for a refund. I have signed up for stuff and used a whole free trial period and forgot to cancel and STILL got a refund from the company. But this non essential thievery REFUSES to give me a refund for one minute of use of their app. Literally one minute. In the age of coronavirus where EVERYONE money is tight
U get 1 star and i would put -5 if i could , u say nth about a subscription , then u get to know u have 7 days trail , but before you are happy cuz atleast u can try the app , thoses mofos tell u to put info of ur cridet card so u will pay for subs after u finish the 7 day free. Automatically , f u fiz fix it
If this app have only paid functions write it. DON'T waste my time to 
download!
useless ap😠 dont install this app please dont make people fool u money makers i had installed app then it show pay credit its not free 😡
Occultism. Do not use without knowing occult
not free :)
Used to be free and I guess now isn't? I went to use the app like normal and it asked for card info and it made my anxiety worse(which is why I used the app in the first place) which sucks because this app really helped me in the past and now I can't use it. I just think it's kind of crappy that they would sell out like that because it's more popular. They could totally just run ads.
Trash money milking App
Worst app
Why should I enter my card information just to try it!
You have to pay
Didnt get to try this app because i was led to believe it was free and after downloading the app i found out it wasnt. So i wish i could have tried it i may have gave a better review.
Why do you gotta pay for it
No free trial
DO NOT SIGN UP! It looks like a one time charge but it is a weekly subscription. I emailed THREE times to cancel and no response so I'm being charged again! I will be disputing charges.
Don't buy! It's a recurring subscription for $9.99, which they don't tell you upfront, just after you paid. It's filled with false advertising. You take a quiz and assume that you're getting personalized content from the app but there's nothing personalized about it. I also never got the food recommendations. The meditations are garbage, the man's voice is irritating and uses words that are not soothing. He also speaks too slowly. After emailing two different people I was able to get a refund.
Dont sign up! I should have read reviews before because I am having the same experience as others. Misleading one time fee is actually weekly. Trying to resolve it. Also not in my app as a subscription to cancel. Did not encourage meditation enough to be worth the trouble or cost.
This is a $9.99/WEEK app. That is ridiculous, it was supposed to be per month from what I read. 🤬🤬🤬 I am pissed!!!!
DON'T use this app! I tried some of the meditations on this app but quickly knew this wasn't the right app for me. I had paid a of $9.99 to sign up for this app knowing that there was a 30-day money back guarantee if you were not satisfied. I cancelled and asked for my money back and the only response was 5 days later asking why I didn't like it. I've emailed several times in the last 14 days and still haven't received a reply and I haven't received my refund. EXTREMELY UNHAPPY!!!
I've had a similarly disappointing experience as the reviewers before me: was lead to believe this was a one time yearly payment. However, i've been charged weekly ever since i subscribed. The subscription does not appear in my google subscriptions either. How can i cancel this, please??
Absolutely scam! No contact information, it asked for 9.99 and deducting money all the time from my account. Cannot reset the password. No option to reach out to them.
Tricked for subscription payments! Which cannot be cancelled. It leada you on to believe that it is one time payment while its actually a subscription which cannot be cancelled!! In the app it says it can be cancelled through Google Play, but it cant, as the subscription simply doesn't show. Very disappointing and frustrating to be treated as a fool and taken your money on this way.
Double charged - I was charged twice for this app, a week apart as others mentioned. Please inform me how to cancel my subscription immediately. It does not show on my Play Store subscriptions list.
Keeps taking money despite attempts to cancel. They have an automated email response to get back to you in 48 hours, but a week later, nothing. In the meantime, they keep charging. DO NOT subscribe to this. It's a scam.
This app is not listed under my Google subscriptions. The documentation sends you to a dead end each time. As I cannot find record of a subscription, I must wonder why they are taking my money weekly? SCAM?!? I want my subscription (that I cannot locate) canceled! And if the company were decent the would refund my subscription fees they have taken.
This is not an in depth meditation. I did not like it.
Charging me weekly but doesn't show up as a subscription in the play store out on my Google subscriptions like it said it should so I can't cancel my subscription either
I was charged 6 times this month for the same subscription. 3x this January on the 11th, 19th, and today 24th. All times I was charged 6.99 and 9.99. I am not happy.
App does not state anywhere that is a weekly 9.99 subscription. JUST SPEND $30 ON THIS APP WITH OUT BEING INFORMED. Was lucky that I check my account every month if not god knows how much they would have charged me. They know what they are doing, this is the email I received. Hello there, Thank you for contacting us. Please be informed that we have stopped your automatic subscription as requested. Kindly note that the cancellation of the automatic subscription does not result in a refund.
Do yourself a favor and dont install this app. You can get the same thing from youtube and it will be better quality. YouTube also doesn't steal your money. By far the worst meditation app.
Unable to sign back in, reset password, still wouldn't let me in. I signed up via an ad, not through the app. Big mistake. I thought I was paying $15 for a once off, NOT a subscription. I emailed them to get a password reset as there is NO option on the website. Took a fair few days, got the link, reset my password and it STILL wouldn't let me in. Absolutely ridiculous. I admit I could have made a mistake and didn't see that it was a subscription, but no way to cancel is an absolute scam rip off
Money hungry this app prays on people who are seeking a better lifestyle or even help nd charging ridiculous prices for it. Thats how you can tell this was not a spiritualist who used or created this. All better me apps charge and its kinda disgusting are you really here to help? Or profit off of people who need mental support and uplifting
Charge you WEEKLY, when you never chose that option. In the T&C 's we can change price anytime we like!!!
Very calming my 1st night listening to the stop smoking
Please do not purchase this app. I wish I would.have read the reviews before spending 40$ on it. The meditation voices are ridiculous sounds.much like a robot and not relaxing.in any way. The guided meditation is very unprofessional. I have been using meditation apps and from YouTube for free for over 5 years now and have never been so disappointed. This however is not worth even a free price!
Scam
Got this from a Facebook ad and like everyone else it doesn't say that it is a subscription.I thought I had paid $9.99 as a one time payment. I can't see anywhere on the app any info about what kind of subscription I have, I have no idea when I'm going to be billed. I just found out after getting billed a week later. I feel like I've been SCAMMED.
Paid the initial fee and everything else is expensive to be able to use any other part of the app.
This app is fraudulent! It is a scam! I'm being charged 2 times a week then they refunded me just to turn around and charge me again! Plus now I'm getting several " international charges from them! I'm going to the authorities! I'm going to sue!!! I wish I could post a screen shot of my bank account on here to show everyone what they are doing. Its ok ill just do it on Google reviews!
Paid for what was made to look like a one off payment, only to find they were continually taking a subscription fee, im very thorough before making payments, i did not mistake this. Very sneaky, certainly not worth that kind of money regardless.
The voice for the meditations is really bad and they don't answer my emails when I'mtrying to cancel my subscription so they charged me a second time. DO NOT PAY FOR THIS APP UNLESS YOU ARE WILLING TO GET CHARGED 9.99 USD EVERY WEEK. This is so frustrating I already lost any sense of calm the meditations gave me
I have tried to cancel my subscription according to their instructions but they're still taking my money. Don't bother with them.
Agree with the others, it wasn't made clear this is a weekly subscription. I am pretty careful before signing up for anything. I don't balk at paying a fair price, I do take issue with it not being made crystal clear of an ongoing cost.
Difficult to cancel. Scam with 9.99 weekly debits. Buyer beware. Paypal will cancel them for you.
I have also signed for this app with the understanding that I had this one time payment and also that this was a trial. I also have continued payments being charged into my account and dealing through the same disappointments of this app and want to be unsubscribe and refunded.
I am beeing charged 9.99 weekly. Wrote many times by mail but no response. It was suppossed to cost 9.99 one time and nobody is answearing. Please contact me and return the money
$50.00 a month ridiculous for what this app offers. Complete rip off.
Impossible to cancel!
I downloaded the app thinking it was a one time fee and then found it was a subscription. I cancelled the subscription hoping that I could continue using some of the features but no. Completely misleading and a rip off do not download.
Horrible. They charge weekly 10 dollars and they they are not on the list to cancel. They have created amazing concept but than its just a constant spending
Oh, how I wish I had read reviews here before I decided to try this! Google Play, you should not have this in your store! For a company to sell meditation through deceptive business practices is especially despicable. It was set up so I could not cancel it myself through PayPal. I contacted the company via email before asking PayPal to handle it. This is what they replied: "We can offer you to extend your subscription for additional 3 months. So, you will be able to use the service for 3 months without any additional payments in the future. As an alternative, we can provide you with a partial refund of 50% of the amount that you have paid. This way, you will receive 7.49 USD back to your account, and the license will remain active until January 22, 2021." I am asking for documentation that I agreed to $14.99 per week, AND a 100% refund of the 3 weeks I was charged before I noticed it. I have also asked them to cease and desist the deceptive marketing practices.
Nothing about your aura color test
I really don't recommend it , I canceld my payment last moth and the payment is still going . I really hope some help in this issue
Says it's free but it's not! Thought I finally found something that could help me but there isnt even a trial. So to me it is trash. May have considered paying if i knew it would help me.
Totally disappointed, an access of 9$ turned out to be a weekly paid subscription. Unable to sign out, no clear subscription cancellation option.
Cannot unsubscribe 10$ a week ..doesnt show up in subscriptions . Stay away from it!
Tricked into subscription.
Very good app in terms of the set of meditations available, however they are fooling people by charging every week whereas my Google subscription says per month. Kindly refund excess money charged. The app doesn't even have an option to change subscription plan. Pathetic and every time they charge using a different website.
FRAUD APP. DO NOT DOWNLOAD. If i could give 0 starts i would. I cancelled my subscription on Feb 3rd only to see that on Feb. 8th, 9th abd 10th I was charged $9.99, $10.09, and $10.09. All the customer service people do it tell you that they cancelled your subscription. But no one is giving me my money back. Im so worried that theyre just going to continue taking money from me regardless.
So far, meh...
If I could give this zero I would. I followed all instructions so that I would not get automatically charged for a WEEKLY subscription. Yet I see 2 charges from a Better Me company that is foreign, none the less. I am disputing with PayPal now to get my money back.
Won't cancel subscription
I was fraudulently charged recurring amounts of $9.99 and $6.99, repeatedly deducted from PayPal without my authorization. Only one set of these payments was refunded, and I have no ability to challenge the rest of the deductions apparently, as BetterMe claims I had some service agreement. Deceptive business practices. I recommend you stay away.
The WEEKLY subscription model for this app is NOT mentioned at all in the app description. As I was expecting a one-time payment only, I have requested a cancellation of the subscription and will open a dispute with the Paypal Resolution Center.
Does not let unsubscribe. It's not worth of investment.
I saw the app, downloaded it but never opened it. How is it that I am paying $10 a week for something I never looked at??!! What a scam!!! I had no idea I was signing up for a subscription.
This is a rip off!!! I don't know what this app is for except to rip people off!!! You refund all the money you've taken from me and do it, NOW!!! IF YOU HAVEN'T REFUNDED ME IN 12 HOURS I PRESS CHARGES AND REPORT YOU TO YHE B.B.B.
I have had three 9.99 charges in 30 days. Attempting to get my money back. RUN.
They don't tell you what you are subscribing to. Then they will not reply and won't refund you. That what happened to me
This app would have been incredible if not for the scam-like behavior of the maker. They made it sound like it was $9.99 to purchase the app (as I see many, many others here have said as well), when it is actually a weekly subscription. I tried to cancel using the directions they said, which did not work, and I am still being charged. I will be taking other actions through my bank and will not use apps from this company any longer. Such a shame too because I had no issue with the app itself.
Double charged for MONTHS!!! after requesting assistance, told to cancel through GGOOLE PLAY, no way to. No response on refunds or cancelation
$15 per week??? Tgat is not what I signed up for when I can find the same stuff on the web for free!!! Absolutely ridiculous! Don't even bother! They just want to rob you!
Meditations are kinda lame and I don't see how they are tailored to me specifically based on my quiz responses.
Horrible! They have charged me twice within days apart. Was not aware that I was signing up for a subscription and I cannot unsubscribe.
No option to unsubscribe from the app.
So MISLEADING... I thought it was a one off payment not a recurring thing. It doesn't state that! Have emailed them and it's been a few days with no reply. I want my money back and now! Scammers.
I want to cancel it and cannot!
Tricked. I bought and THEN discovered it was a subscription. No mention whatsoever in the purchase process. If you used PayPal go to the gear symbol at top right and choose Account Settings. On left near bottom choose Money, banks, and cards. At bottom choose Set Preapproved Payments. Find Betterme Limited and click open to cancel the subscription agreement you were tricked into. The only reason I even knew it was a subscription is because of the reviews when I got redirected to the app. SCAM!
This is a scam application, it offers you a plan for $9.99 but it doesn't say it is a weekly fee from the beginning. It is taking about $520 a year without you consent for that and there is no way to cancel the subscription from Google Play as they show. Sirs if you inform the people from the beginning I can assure you there will be no bad experience or reviews. It is a SHAME that Instagram takes part in this scam. I hope this gets fix ASAP because I don't want to continue with the subscription.
I could not see or it would not allow me to make payments. Sucks.
I am a Tricare prime customer, and I cannot get this app to register me or even acknowledge me. Not sure what the point of the app is
Every time I try to log in I am not allowed. Have to reset credentials EVERy time. It's so frustrating!!!!!😡😡😡😡
4/30/2020 Tried to open app, keeps crashing. Please fix it.
My app does not give me the option to pay my bill, even after i upgraded it. It also does not show me my insurance card.
Add this app to the list of worst apps ever!!! Between this app and Go365 these apps are surely hell bent on trying your patience and raising your blood pressure. Every time I try to use these apps they never recognize any of my login information and constantly making me reset my information. I now have a large and ever growing list of all the passwords I can't use because I've used them. Seriously this app is more bipolar than me on a bad day. COMPLETELY useless.
It doesn't do anything. No ID Cards available, No Hospitals, No dentist... This is worthless!
SYSTEM IS BROKEN, ENTERTED CORRECT INFORMATION SEVERAL TIMES, SAYS IT DOESNT RECONIZE MEMBER.
Basically it doesn't work...
Will not let me sign in. Please help!!!
You make it so difficult, if it's really even possible.
Switch RX didn't work. When contacted by phone associate didn't know how it work, even though she was pleasant but not helpful at all. Also when contacted they said they would contact Dr. (Even though there was 1 refill on btl.)
I was able to log in the day I set it up, but never again. Web based login works, so I know it's not my account. I see through the comments that I'm far from the only person having this problem. You'd think they'd fix the problem overall rather than individually.
This year been trying to get in myhumana on my galaxy Note 8 and I put in my password and it acts like it is bringing it up and then kicks me out to the main page asking for my password. I am employee of Humana, I have uninstalled and then installed the app and still can't get in the app. I have to get on my work computer to check my coverage and everything. Please fix this issue.
Lot of bait and switch and no way to get assistance with this octopus company.  Suppose to earn credits for exercise but app disconnects with no way to fix.  Telephone reps call, claim that they will have the right person to call but they will not text or email confirmation or information. Pharmacy benefits expire on last day of each month.  No rollover.
this does not gelp lije the old it was so much better there is no store anymore this app sucks and i am being nice
Trash app not worth downloading!!!
Ratings don't sound very good and I have enough troubles on my phone so skipping this one.
Doesn't matter how many updates this site or app gets its 100% garbage i update a new user name and password and it never lets me in i guess the site and app is not working because of covid19 or alest thats what alot of people are Doing blaming the issue on a corona issue if your going to have a app or site it needs to work and if not have only a call in number if not take the app site down because it's useless unless fixed very unprofessional with no customer service
Horrible app. Good to shut down rather than wasting people's time. Only login works. Finding claims, error occurred. Finding in network provider, NONE found for any search in app, which were found on the website. Caused a bunch of angst. They dont even have weekend support and easy way to change your PCD. Overall 0 stars.
I can no longer pay my balance through the app. This is not ok....
Did update, looking for svc, use to see, now nothing in my area within 50 to 100 mile. Example hospital is 5 miles from me, now shows nothing within 50 miles.
Too busy@!!!!!!!
I'm thrilled i don't have to use this anymore
I downloaded the app to have easy access to ID cards, and account. When on the app, ID cards never load. And it now says there are 5 people on my account, when there isn't.
Every time I try to log in, it tells me could not sign in right now, try again later. But every time I try again later, I get the same message.
I am sick of this app.i can't view anything.one time it works then it doesn't.g et yalls act together and do something about it.when I first download it in 2015.it was awesome know it sucks.
Does not load insurance cards. Always crashes... tried multiple times uninstall and installing... same issues .... needs better software upgrades
Does not allow Humana (Tricare) to use app with their id number. Customer support doesn't even know how to look up beneficiary info. The customer support phone numbers are extremely hidden so that you can't easily know who to contact.
Cards are NEVER viewable! Main reason why I downloaded app! Please fix sooner than later!
Try to do somethings on the app, and all it wanted to do was blink and freeze, I will still to my iPad and kindle. You all need major work on it.
Never can log in waste of time
If I could give it negative 🌟 I would ! Humana itself is so screwed up, that is probably the main reason!
Terrible app. Searched for provider,  have more than one within 5 miles of home,  app said no one within 50 miles. Called Humana,  not much better. Horrible,  now just hoping the insurance pays what it's supposed to.
horrible unusable app
every 3 months this app doesn't work properly, after 3 to 4 hours of trying to order my OTC products I have to call and waste more of my time and the person on the phone's time making an OTC order that usually takes me all of 10 minutes.
I didn't even sign in because you've made it too hard!ID H40314752!
I don't know how you could think this is a service.  I  can't access my account.  I can't order the 25$monthly freebies for my husband  or myself.  I think it's Humana not wanting me to get the benefit of the free stuff.  Looking at other plans as a result. I love that they have you emailing them. It's just another way to delay actions  on their part. Or then they have an automated system call me and it doesn't receive answers so they tell you to call back. I keep calling or picking up their calls and getting lost in the hell that is their system.  Folks,  there's plenty of time to  get  a  new plan. This is just as frustrating and not working.  Especially since I have never gotten the recorded system to accept my response.  If you call they have the same system not be able to help.
No way to pay my bill with this app!
New phone and it won't download. Talked to a human and was given all the wrong information on a new provider. I'm scared, since this is new insurance. If I can't get the app to download and customer representative gives the wrong information I'm dead.
Garbage. It wont let me verify my gmail because it wont send a verifacation to my gmail so what good is this if u cant verify.
Couldn't even get started with registration because the app kept crashing.
Won't let me log on to my account what a hassle I'm going to delete the app it don't work for me
Have to enter information over and over. Tried to purchase and set up account in September. Had to start completely over on Oct.
Ever since the last update the app will not open. Please fix it.
NEVER accepts or processes a payment on here...even with this new app/update! Seriously??? What is the point of offering this option? Takes ENTIRELY too much time to get through automated phone system to make a payment...had to go through phone payment process 12 or 13 times before it would halfway process it...would not even give me a confirmation number. Looked on myhumana to see that it had indeed scheduled a payment. Automated phone service hung up on me 5 times in row after I entered all my info.
If I could I'd give it a negative 100.it is just taking up space.Doesnt work correctly
where is anon for 2020
My password or username never work without having to reset it
Download is real slow
The information available on this app is practically nothing. It took me 30 mubutes to finally find a way to search for a vision provider because when I searched for "vision doctor" the Find Care search only came up with items that had "vision" in the name or had a doctor whose name started with a 'v'. Can't even find my benefits on this thing. What is the point of this app if it doesn't even provide the most BASIC information needed to find a doctor??
Doesn't work, upon signing in there is an error message for you to email the developers. Worthless
All it says is "information not available. Try again later"  so I tried again later and as you may have suspected, everything is still unavailable.
It sucks won't let me in Everytime. My user name password or question nothing work. They had a lady go through still did not work
This app is useless
It keeps telling me could not sign in at this time. Try later. I have being trying for two months. I guess I need to delete it.
In short: USELESS
App doesn't work. Keep acting like I'm the provider. Tried to register. But no. All I wanted to know is which urgent cares where available to me. I tried this useless app & called too. & still no info. Thought was doing right to go to urgent care instead of emergency room.
App kept telling me my account was locked when it wasn't. I verified via the website that it was still active. All it did for me was give me a colorful H icon on my phone. Guess I'll just stick with the website or call and MAKE them talk to me.
I downloaded it and I couldn't even log in. I tried deleting and re-downloading the app a couple times and then just gave up and logged in using my browser.
Trash
difficult to search and find physicians in your actual area - cannot email or chat on app. poor functionality
It wont accept my answer to a question i selected & put the same answer in for yest.
I don't know what's more useless: Humana's website or their app. Uninstalled.
This is the worst sh--. Ever.
Wont let me in without id #? Havent registered yet! Ill call tommorrow!! Also tells me user name & password dont match! Grrr...b.s.
Pane in but
I don't have a password ,I've never been asked this question
I've never had a username never had a password and it won't let me do it it's stupid you're stupid
Will not let me sign in even after resetting my password. The problem still exists. I am thinking about switching my coverage to another provider because I have issues Everytime. I just want to pay my bill. I was told the problem has been identified yet the problem still exists.
Terrible. This app sucks and blows.
Drug pricing never works! What good is this app if the tools on it never actually work!
Very poor. Does not recognize submitted information.
new password setup [for Humana Emp] is a challenge. may not use this app any longer
This app does not allow a change of doctor or provide chat or the ability to email you questions. Calling is a joke because of all the transfers to many customer service reps.
Won't let me sign in. Useless app
My Vision and Dental ID cards have never loaded on the app. I'm not sure why I can't access these features on the app. Frustrating.
App does nothing
I no longer can log in ever to order my over the counter medicine.  I am lost with this new version . I have tried many times still o success.
Lots of verifying. Pain in the ass to use. The 360 part of it is the worst. After I log in, Says there are no doctors within 50 miles of me. Says I do not have dental, vision, or health coverage. Still taking it out of my checks though!
Needing to search for providers. App always says it can't locate any providers at this time.
Crashes endlessly, humana is in humanely expensive Co pays.
Cant ever get signed in Saysxwtong password after I change it 40 times So aggravating
Will not take imformation
the absolute worst application I have ever used in my life. Convoluted. Cannot enter a Doctor, not in their database. they just dont exist. can't enter a prescription number that doesn't conform to their format.
Can't get drug price info. Still can't on 1.18.21. Does any one care?
It sucks everytime i go to use it i have to change password cause it wont let me in even if i use it a couple times a day i have to change passwird a couple time a day
I phoned three times. Three times i was on hold. Furst tune fir over twenty minutes after i was told it would be five. When they finally answered, they hung up on me. They hung up on me three times. I am totally disgusted with Humana and wish to hell i had never heard of youall.
I unfortunately have Humana Plan D how to get better deals from GoodRx 90% of the time
Won't download
Awful
The app is useless. There is no way to look up coverage details or providers. The phone number provided in the app for vision information, hangs up in the middle of the automated conversation that also seems to only provide incomplete information options. A lousy app and a an even worse automated phone system. ZERO value. of customers.
I've paid FOUR MONTHLY PREMIUMS and it still says I'm not a member and can't sign in??!! I've called and talked to customer service and they say I have an active account. BOO
Cannot access.
They told my husband he would get a 90 day supply of medicine for FREE instead he got a 90 supply and they charged him $99.50. Couldn't even pay our rent on time.
I cant register my user name & password. Refuses to let me
No chat or email provided to allow those with a hearing disability to communicate. 👇👇👇👇👇👇👇
I can't register to use the app because it doesn't recognize my member number.
Everytime I try sign in app always makes statement site unavailable or it's not your fault..never had this problem before had used app for >3 or 4 yrs without problem
Can't get info on paying dental premiums.
If this works as poorly as the humana pharmacy app, you have my sympathies. Every time I go to that damn app it tells me my password is no good so I change it and it tells me it stoll is invalid. Get it fixed or we can do every thing by paper.
I have all my info and it won't let me set up online payment 😡
Garbage keeps crashing
It does not show my coverage, ID card, pharmacies, doctors, or hospitals in my area. What is the point of having the app if you can't use it.
Too many bugs. Always freezes or kicks me out. Always says "stopped working." For a company that makes millions in premiums, it shouldn't be hard to create a working app!
just tried rating after update and it cut me off again! This app causes me so much stress when I need my SCRIPTS that it just isn't worth it anymore. I'm switching insurance ASAP.
It's not loading when u go to open app it stalls out never takes me to log in page I deleted it reinstalled still not working
App force closes when I open it!
Horrific
No info at all! Claim denials are not shown... Constant crashes. This app is junk!
Terrible. Just terrible
The site works fine but this app keeps saying my username is incorrect
This app used to be good, checking price of medications at any pharmacy, but Not Anymore.
Tried to get into my humana account for over an hour and it kept saying my information didn't match their records. How is a person supposed to get in if they enter the correct information. They wouldn' ven accept my member number. Humana get with the program will ya!!!
No explanation on how you register to sign in.  O well
Won't view all claims.
You say I'm not in your system. I'm holding my card and have submitted exactly what's on the card!!!!
Just like their insurance and agents totally useless and nothing but lies, truth is you'd be better off with a different insurance company. I honestly don't see how this app has a 4.1 rating since everyone I know that has tried the app has given it a 1, they must get their numbers from the same place as Trump, entirely made up by airheads.
App is useless. It won't let me locate my Dr, & won't let me locate a different clinic to go to. Needs to be updated!!!
Unable to access the App, it doesn't work
I registered and have to sign in 20 times to verify account and still cant see anything. it is a major time waste and a headache, this the last time I spend 30 minutes trying to get information, you should be ashamed of your website.
I cannot sign in through the app. I can through the internet on my phone but a month ago the app worked.. I just don't know why
Humana is as next to nothing as a person can have and satisfy the government mandated RX coverage or be penalized. This app is a joke, just like this company. Can't wait Until October.
It keeps calling my password invalid.
Can't get into the app. It doesn't recognize my username or my password. So incredibly frustrating. It's probably my fault I have short term memory loss but I don't remember ever signing up for this up in the first place.
Doesnt stay open
App will not open!
can not login on the Web site, their phones hands up, their cus svc is horrable.
PURE SORRY APP ...I wanted OTC drug lists  to order me monthly order...the site  goes into everywhere else but there.
Awful
I find it hard to navigate and locate what I'm looking for
It is so slow I couldn't open anything to show my doctor the other day.  It takes 20 minutes for anything to open where the old app only took a few minutes.  I can't get any drug pricing which is something I use when a doctor tries to prescribe something to see what the cheapest option is.  No matter what drug I try or how I try it says drug information not available at this time.  I tried finding a pharmacy or doctor just because and nothing comes up no matter what zip code or city I put.
Junk. Can't log in. Terrible support.
I tried to register,  but it won't let me pick a security question.  I highlight it, it returns to previous screen and still shows I need to pick a security question. I tried to complete the process and it tells me I didn't pick a security question.  I've tried multiple questions,  doesn't matter it won't register a selection. Please fix.
Too difficult to renew prescription with app .... do not see why I even need it....
All of my tabs I click on in the app are blank. Tried redownloading with the exact same results. Just what I was looking for in an app!!
impossible to log in, entered info from my card and still can not confirm user name...
The list of physicians is useless. i contact them and sm informed yhey don't take my insurance. Also parts of the app are always down. This app is about useless.
Every month I try to sign in and it wants to update.....after update I have to sign in again....so stupid!
Asked security questions I never gave answers to. Very frustrating
hard
If there was a way to give negative stars, I'd be giving this app the most I could!! This app sux (ROYALLY & I dont need the Queen of England to approve my use of the word!!!!! FR!). Constantly have to change password! Constantly have to fight w/app to get in it! Wasted flipping time each & every day I need to do ANYTHING in this app!! And for God's sake, WHY ARE WE LIMITED ON SPECIAL CHARECTERS?? It' s a good thing we have Google to look up Dr info & not dependant on this app! IT NEEDS FIXED!
Terrible
it won't let me sign in. it keeps saying not allow to use the server.
I tried to reset my password answered the questions and it came back couldn't verify my account
I believe this app in only for Medical, and not Dental & Vision. If so 
please specify for new users wanting to use the app. The app won't allow me 
to log in says locked out of account. Using Galaxy Note 8
Sign in repeatedly says wrong information entered... After changing to new sign in info, as prompted, the NEW information is rejected too. Don't tell me " to call you if I'm still having this problem" This has been an on going issue.
Cannot make changes to my policy. Hard to find what I need.
I have wasted 45 minutes trying to see sign in and being denied... then it trying to get me to download under a 2nd place as if Google apps isn't good enough.... and, I still can't see what the prior auth that was denied was for or why it was denied!!!???!!! Worthless!!!
can not get on
Every time I go on your website i have problem with you not taken my password. I have It written down in my book.
this website would not accept my email address when I tried to register for the first time.
is not helpful it should allow parents of humana medicaid members register theyr child account that way we can change pcp more easier and faster altough view the member card in case we forget it at home, im very dissapointed from this app. can only register 18yrs or older is ridiculous.
The only reason I downloaded is so I can see my copays and coverage, all this does is basically give you an image of your ID card and track claims. Suggest just saving an image of your id card and saving space by not installing.
Doesn't work
The app for Puerto Rico commercial policy lacks basics such as the ID card itself. Searching doctors is horrible, basically non-functional. The only thing that somewhat works on app is the Drug Pricing Tool. Needs more improvement. Update: did contact at provided email. Along with new update medical claim doesn't even show the claim. No answer from email address sent on 01/15/2020. Had to contact CCS to get provider directory & drug formulary, to review claim need to call CCS
It won't let log in or change or create a darn password
Cannot enter anythin!
Cannot get anything done but claims and deductibles
Absolutely useless.  Keep getting the message ID and password don't match. Change my password and keep getting stuck in a loop with am I a robot and those  pictures. Totally useless app
First of all everytime I set up an account with password after a week when i type my password in it tell me account info is incorrect.. when I change password log out it tells me wrong email and password. Please contact customer service when I do someone answers I don't understand. I'm English born and raised speak only English. Understand only english. Then when I ask them to help they help set it up. Ask me to log in nothing I can not log in I haven't use the app 4 a month. Still d same
It kept freezing up
This app has never worked for me. I have changed my username and password, I have answered the security questions many times and I still cannot be verified. I can do nothing on this app.
Sucks!
Worst app ever. I thought my banking app was bad.....turns out my insurance companies app is worse. Whoda thunk? Need to sign in? Sorry!... Need to navigate to the online store? Sorry! .... I set up biometric sign in everytime, low and behold, it never works the next time. And please dont try to use a strong password, we only have a limited number of character spaces to use. But dont fret, next time you sign in it wont remember you or your password anyway.
This app will not provide me with any access to doctor's in my network.
Never gives accurate pricing or pharmacies near by
I have this installed on my phone and tablet running Android 7.1 and 6 respectively. All I ever get is unable to sign in at this time. Utterly useless! I figure if it doesn't work on a vanilla Google Nexus it's presumably very buggy.
Just tried to register...there is no boxed button That allows u to register and u touch the highlighted word register it just goes into copy mode...there is a clear sign in box that works fine...c'mon guys continuity is key.
I can't even register because it says my email is in the wrong format, but it's not. ..WHAT GIVES?
I have requested to be terminated from Humana but still get messages.
Horrible. Can't get in
Terrible app...really cumbersome and drives me to resort to cell!
I need a specialist. All it tells me is there is not one within 50 miles. Doesn't give me an option to expand my search!
I have downloaded this app three times. after it says 100%downloaded nothing happens. it does not open.
This app sucks. Every time I try to put info. in, it tells me my user name is not valid. So, because they offered, I tried to have them supply it. Now I get (6 times) a constant error message. If these people can't do something this simple, how do they expect to cover my insurance needs. This is enough for me to change companies.
every time I have to go online, I have to update. and then I can't get online. and then I have to pull up from a different source. bad
Update: After a quick call, I was intelligently told (sarcasm) that the website perhaps was not working and maybe it was broken. Give it a couple of hours and it should be fixed. I told the dork that it and the been down over a month and hung up laughing at his stupidity. Until Dec 2020 this app worked fine. Now, as soon as I log in it boots me right back out. I've sent feed back and heard nothing. I've uninstalled and re installed to no avail.
The app gets more and more complicated. I'm not sure how you expect anyone to navigate through it when it closes ALL THE TIME ! Seriously, couldn't be less user friendly.
I can't register my account system internal error, even on there website. so far this is not good Humana dental and yes I called several times to address this issue, was put on hold and was forgotten about.☢☢☢☢☢☢🆘️🆘️🆘️🆘️🆘️🆘️🆘️
Unanle to download Wifi needed.
Awful, just awful !!
can't find what I'm looking for
Will not log in. Same message every time.
I get an email that I have RX to refill yet when I try to refill the screen freezes ! Kind of a waste of time and money when your app doesn't work !
I can't sign up
Sucks
Fake Can not log in. This is not humana- military. I can log in through the 
browser but unable through the fake password stealing app.
According to this app I have no doctors in any area.
Keeps telling me cant sign in right now. Try again later
The application doesn't work half of the time, it continuously fails to locate my insurance information.
Just like Humana, more trouble than it's worth. 12/2020 app is now continuously crashing.
It doesn't let me sign in.
Can't get your password in.
It won't give me access to login. It states access denied, and I been a member for at least 5 years
I cannot open this app.  It says it is installed, but have no icon nor can I open it from apps
I'm sick of this app! I can't login. I can't reset my password because I can't remember the answer to my security question. I can't find anywhere to email Humana and can't call while sitting here in the doctors office.
It needs to show me my OTC amount also.
You have ruined this app. Where are my prescription refills? Thjs app is worthless! I may switch to another medicare advantage plan next year!
Will not keep your PASSWORD for more than 30 days
Time and time again I have had trouble getting in this app. Always a problem signing in. I am putting in the information that you ask for but no luck. I really would like to use the app.
This app is NOT user friendly, i have dental ppo and visioncare, i can log in from my pc, but this app will not recognize username and password. When i have logged in from pc, there doesn't seem to be a way to access visioncare . I have had both plans for one year and have not made any claims because there are no providers within 25 miles of me, will be looking for plans that are more user friendly and have providers closer to me. Robert Johnson
It used to work But now I just get a green screen with an H..cant even get the app to open.
App doesn't work after update.
It won't let me login 😡
This app has never ever ever worked consistently.Sick of it. Pathetic. Call number on your card,only way to get your refills
Can't find providers!
My Humana pharmacy app stopped working will not let me sign in
I have tried to get my medicine pricing it tell me not available try again later.  Then I tried since March 13, 2016  every time I click on pill reminder take on every pill taken it kicks it out and get a sad face as if I did not take my medicine.  I have called Humana to fix this problem no one knows how to fix it I have lost out of hundreds of points. Very frustrating.  I take everyone of my pills as they appear on my reminders I do not miss anyone of my pills.
although the app is user friendly it does not cover all information.
the app keeps crashing. can't sign in, and when I do finally get it, it crashes. can't do a single thing. useless
useless
Always difficult to use
Will not accept my MEMBER ID H41558091 TRIED 5 TIMES THE PAGE ISN'T SET UP TO ACCEPT INFORMATION ENTERED.
DO NOT USE THIS COMPANY FOR YOUR LOVED ONE!!! RUN, DON'T WALKOUT! Our dr. Sent in paperwork that my mother, 88, on hospice, needs around the clock care. A YEAR AGO! We were told that will not happen because my mother has not been hospitalized enough!!! And her condition has not changed!!!! REALLY? SHE IS ON HOSPICE! SHE CANT WALK, SHE IS BED RIDDEN, AND SOMEONE HAS TO BE WITH HER AT ALL TIMES! The case managers do not do their jobs properly. They don't help like they should.
The worst! Can never login with out a problems including updates.
I couldn't even update a security question, it's worthless, I didn't get 
one thing accompished!!!
Won't let me in
No instructions on how to use fingerprint access!
I couldn't even log in. Pointless.
Terrible, i tried for 5 hours straight to get it to work, I think humana is out of business.
Does not work.Want take username or password
Can not pay insurance.
Still can't get past logging in problems. Haven't been able to since January.
Messsge: Unable to download at this time. Does the app ever work? I am in crisis and can't get any information. App sucks.
changed password and won't let me in. Ugh
Stating my previous employers coverage, and will not allow me access to my current employer. Forget the website also. It just sends you in circles
This app is sooo fustrating. For the money they recieve from us they cannot get a working app!!!! Trying to log on Humana site & 365 which im a member keep logging me out. FUSTRATING
Major log-in issues with your online systems! Redundant questioning that produces absolutely no results! Many questions asking for Humana ID! Personal questions; not correctly selected; as the questions I set-up! Glitches in the Humana APP! Please fix all of these issues! Thank-you!
Dr., hospital, and pharmacy search lists are never available. And if it does come up it's incorrect.
Typical corporate self promoting
No record of perscriptions
I still can not log into the Humana app.
I can't find anything
I just want to cancel my plan. The app and the website won't let me.
Stupidest app ive ever had Nothing and i mean NOTHING works. And the website is no better, time to get rid of humana completely.
I have been a Human a on line user going on two years however this apps  or something is preventing me from accessing my account
This app is what happens when a failing company clings to obsolete practices but also wants an app to mislead people into thinking it is a modern company.
App will not let me make a payment, it will not load my digital ID cards. The app is garbage
Will not let me into my Humana accounts. The website doesn't work either
That wd dirty of you
App stinks
Trying to find out how much pharmacy is charged for my meds. Can't log in. Even used ID# as Member ID. Pharmaceutical companies lost $26B when Trump announced crack down. Coincidence?
When ever I am signing with my password it keeps telling me my password 😡😠😠 is incorrect so I am fed up with Humana app.
Can't log on! Tried ds logon! ERROR!
Very limited can't find information i need
The app, like Humana, sucks. Couldn't log in after resetting password. I thought this would be a better alternative to the online website since they don't have an updated list of oral surgeons on there. I hate this provider. If you're thinking about getting Humana, save yourself the headache and look somewhere else.
Insurance Company is a joke. They took a disabled cancer patient that "was" doing OK and made him bedridden and wheelchair bound within 3 weeks. Beware of the unprofessional call center that accepts no responsibility for the ramifications of their actions and screws up years of progress within weeks. If you have real problems stay away from Humana.
And it's EXACTLY the same as the old one they removed all the useful functionality from. I can no longer see any pharmacy claims, my medication stage, cannot contact through the app. Instead I must get myself to a computer so it can tell me nothing either, but at least I can contact someone that way. The old one was clunky and kinda hard to navigate but at least it was (mostly) useful.
Horribly disfunctional! I can not log in, because whenever I have enter my ID and click on the password field to enter the password, the ID gets deleted before I can log in! The same the other way around. If I enter the password first and then click on the ID field to enter the ID, the password gets deleted before I can log in. This is adisasterus app design and unusable!
Need to update and its not working for 4 days now. I can't update Pharmacy too.
Downloaded the app and can't even register. Keeps telling me that the app isn't working.
This app will not save your password it deleted after while and then says it's incorrect
Humana apps are the worst. I have to change my password everytime I log in and it is not linked with go365 as I was told. I received 7 letters in the mail with concern for my login information being used but it was me trying to login. This is not a user error. I have reported this is with my account several times.
I keep getting user name and password dont match. Same user and password works via the website
Tried 4 times to log into my account won't recognize ID number or user name or password.Very poorly created n administered.Also asked for support via chat n nothing happened.
It is horrible. Anything you put in is never a match!!!
Unreliable search function. No chat function. Unless you want to see a paid bill it's pretty much a worthless app. If I could rate it lower than a one I certainly would.
THIS APP IS TOTALLY WORTHLESS AS IS THE HUMANA PHARMACY APP
No phone # to sign up
Impossible to get on
Terrible won't take my info and let me in. This sucks.
The app is always saying my sign in is wrong & when I drag out my computer it works. There also is no place to look up refferals, etc.
All your apps do not work like they should. I have trouble everytime I try to do anything! So aggravated. Probably should have changed insurance companies when I could!
You can only look at your claims. Nothing else.
I put in my zip code "no doctors within 50 miles" i put zip code 50 miles from here..."no doctors within 50 miles"
Making me updated when I don't want to
First time ever try to fill out my information in the APP saying I am not a member and can't find the information that I just filed
So far every Humana app sucks. If you can register don't get excited chances are you won't be able to log in after that. After writing this I was contacted and this app is now working but it shouldn't be this difficult since they make it the only way you deal with some things.
Unless you're buying expensive medicine these guys are useless. They charge you monthly fee and then you get $2 off. Garbage company. All insurance companies suck.
Apps is always down. Or you can only get some of it to work. Claim part has not worked in a month or more. Needs to be fixed. And no I will not contact u fix ur app
Work  or don't understand or not explain  one thing I clearly know payment received option good 4 ur side
Always, issues with this site, between humana and pharmacy app, don't know which one is worse. One would think they would have an easier & better site to sign in. Whoever developed it needs to be replaced.
Pissed off with having to update everytime
I always seem to have trouble getting onto your web. I just keep getting computer questions instead of actual help
This is one more humana issue. The app is horrible aell i should say the login is horrible. Literally, since November 2019 I have been able to get logged in maybe 3 times. The whole experience is horrific. I cant get medical or dental care i need. I cant get logged in too do anything on my own..i am mentally physicly emotionally exhausted from this company.
Keeps saying wrong username / ID!! Now my account is LOCKED OUT!! This isn't the 1st time this has happened. This needs resolve ASAP!! Looks like a lot of people are having difficulty accessing their account, according to your ratings.
Terrible service
pay my billing that is all I want to do. not easy app. got me running in circles
This app has no information except recent claims. There is no way to pay your premiums. Its virtually useless. The only information that was helpful was to get the customer service number so I could call to make sure payment was received. Kinda defeats the purpose. Time to add some more functionality rather than have to call to get a text to another random website to make a payment. That website was great. Why not add the services there to your mobile app? Taking 10 days for my payment to post to my account on your system is WAY too long. Disappointed.
Difficulty signing in.
Not user friendly
No dentist information at all
Can't log in. Will no accept my info.
This app refuses to let me log in. Keeps taking me back to the log in screen. Yes I'm typing the info in correctly. I ended up with a pop up saying it can't find my coverage and took me back to log in. I have no trouble logging on the computer.
Absolutely terrible. App doesn't work when i really need it to. I have to contact customer support every time i need to login. Total waste of space I do not recommend downloading this app.
Horrible
useless app
humana transportation suck
I've had Humana for a year and have NEVER been able to access my account online or in the app. I get the message "once your coverage starts, you can access the site." Coverage has already started. 2019 and 2020. All I want to do I access my account but it's never "ready". Total waste of time.
Broken. The find care tool is horrible, doesn't work all at. The app tells me that there's no one in all Puerto Rico to select as a health provider or Doctor. To complicate to use and the network of providers is not synchronized. Next open session I'm changing health plan provider.
Put all my info in over 10 times. Got a message every time saying it couldn't find my info. Utterly useless!
An absolute piece of garbage
not good
You are not able to get in the app. You can sign in but as its checking coverage it kicks you out. I uninstalled it and tried it again same thing.
Too difficult to install with questionable information of little worth.
Username/password/reset/3site jumble chaos...NEVER WORKS WITHOUT HAVING TO CALL. FIRE "I.T." Crew in entirety & quit wasting our time & money. I should SUE you for raising my blood pressure.
Hard to navigate, can't find doctors in my area with ease. Myhumana app is downright terrible
Easier to get on than their app, the go 300something app
not good
WHY BOTHER POSTING A REPLY WHEN ALL YOU DO IS HAVE US EMAIL THE DEVELOPERS!! OBVIOUSLY THE PROBLEM IS WITH YOUR APP AND HAS BEEN FOR WAY TOO LONG!😡EVEN WITHOUT THIS APP YOUR WEBSITES HAVE MANY MANY PROBLEMS. I HAVE EMAILED CUSTOMER SERVICE AND HAVE CALL SEVERAL TIMES WITH ZERO RESPONSE. YOU SHOULD BE CALLED INHUMANA THIS IS UNACCEPTABLE WHEN YOU ARE A MEDICAL HEALTH WELLNESS COMPANY.  YOU WOULD NOT ACCEPT THIS IF ANY OF YOUR LOVED ONES HAD TO DEAL WITH YOUR LACK OF SERVICE OR COMPASSION FOR THOSE THAT ARE BATTLING DIFFICULT  HEALTH ISSUES. SHAME ON YOU ALL
Not able to sign in at this time .
Like everyone else been three days and it keeps saying can't log in at this time. Try back later.....you call customer service and they can't log in to tell you prices of medications because system is not working or updating.....this is ridiculous!
TRASH! JUST LIKE THE WEBSITE.
I can't download the update as it won't work with my tablet. Now I have to use a different device.
Can't log in! I've never been able to since using this app
0 stars if possible cant even register wasted an hour changing insurance since i cant communicate with anyone
couldn't remember my password and asked about my favorite childhood vacation but never went on a chilhood vacation.
Buggy
Piss poor will give one stars till they fix their log in bug like a nest of roaches.
All it does is tell me I have no providers... Anywhere.
Am thinking of dropping my insurance policy because of this sorry excuse for an app
This is the most ridiculous app I have on my phone!! 4 times in 3 hours it said had to update before I could sign in, after each update it would shut down whenever I tried to check on anything. Looks like it may be time to look for a new insurance company. Don't get me wrong they want to call every week to ask me the same stupid questions calling it a health update and it takes almost 20 minutes each time to tell them the same thing from last week. "MyHumana" may need to rethink that decision.
not good .say my password is not what i say.
Does not recognize reset password
Awful
would give 0 stars if i could. Does this apps' provider search work for anyone??? It literally tells me none available every single time I search. It would be nice to be able to search for providers in my area like it claims it can do but I get nothing every time.
The search feature does not work. And I cannot view my insurance card. It makes me worry about their quality of coverage.
Horrible
Not worth downloading.
Can't get in my account. Keeps saying review. Has my husband's name James. He died 2 years ago and was never on my policy which began 1-01-2020. It won't even let me check to change my password. What should I do? Sharon
Useless to me. Every time I try to log in. It makes my phone crash. I'm using a Samsung A10e. Deleted app. Update 10/23/2020 Reinstalled App. When I click on Log In. My phone will crash and reboot. App Developer needs fired and replaced. Note: This the only app to ever do this on my phone. It's been broke for over 90 days.... Deleting App again. I will use a browser to log in. Your FIRED...
I can never sign in
95% of the time when I try to find a provider on the app, it comes up with "No providers in a 50 mile radius". I know this isn't true, bc all my current providers are within 30. I have had similar issues with the main website, as well. I live fairly highly populated area...this is ridiculous. So many inconsistencies and unreliable programs.
The site will not allow me to Register or activate my account.
trying to shop Otc not available
Nothing does what is sopous to
No access to online help. Can't get iin to change to paperless, etc. Have to go ro Humana thru Humana site directly.
Boo hiss
NO ACCESS DISABLED HANDS
Keeps stopping immediately when trying to start it.
I can't even view my ID card.
Stops working
Constantly crashing..won't recognize password..difficult to try to use. Easier to just call
Annoying, terrible formatting
Many functions are broken. Difficult to navigate and fund information looking for.
It's not loading
Go 365 no longer syncs with Samsung Health app so what good is it?
I need to refill 3 prescriptions. I can't get this app to work!
ever since the new update, the app automatically closes everytime I'm trying to make a payment.
Horrendous HORRIBLE Nightmare App Tell to update nothing.....BUFFERING 2hrs. Uninstall reinstall Nothing BUFFERING wow
it will not let me login it keeps asking me to answer what my nickname was as I was growing up and I answered it and it still want let me login
Not working
Trled to register online services
Useless... Completely USELESS! Can't look up providers, doesn't load the images of the IDs, doesn't pull the claims info. Don't bother. And Humana should get on the 21st century technology, as they're VERY outdated.
This app is awful, barely works.
Everytime I try to sign in I have to change my password. You should not have to do that. As often as it makes you.
Terrible app. Telephone number listed for assistance on health insurance gives options for dental, vision and life only.
I just downloaded the app and tried to sign in with the username and password I created;it keeps signing me out.
So We Are To Trust This Site , Once Signing Up Established w/ So Called Security ! .. We'll Guess WHAT  !! Can't Log In , Locked Me Out Now It Says To Reset , No !! .." I Will Uninstall " And  Will Never Trust These Apps Again ... ( Done ) Please Do Not Email Me or Try To Contact Me ... Seriously! !
What the hell ? Every time you update it I have issues
Does not have any useful information or options in it.
Does not show my insurance card
i cant use mu humana app anymore sinve January 2018
Doesn't let me sign in. Useless
Horrible. It has not once let me sign in.
Bad app. Won't show details on coverage and I'd card saving option doesn't work. Also you can't even fax your card. I'm at my doctors office, sick and they need a copy. Get it together Humana
Won't open
Very little information, answers given did not apply to the question, it's like they threw together a useless app just to say they had one.
Crashes every time it's opened
The update I am being forced to install with Google Play to keep using my existing Humana app won't install.. so I can do nothing unless I go to the Humana website in a browser. Today is June 26th 2019.
The app don't open
Cant down load wont except my member # have tried 8 x drove me nuts this socks I hate listening to the recording and being on hold 30 min or more...Ugh so frustrating then you get transferred to 5 different departments before you get the right one. Man I miss the good ole days. When a operator answered and knew what they were talking about. Geeezzzz. 40 min on hold now
Terrible-No Providers show up during search
I hate this app it i am always having to reset my password and now i cant remember which one works or doesnt
Says there are wrong user and password. It is the same as bfote it wont let me log in
Search does not work
Does not work. Never get into otc form. Humana just takes $$$ and I get 000.
This application doesn't let me to register, I was informed by application provider, this is not the application problem,  this is the Humana site bugg, which doesn't let me to register,   now I don't know if I have to fix this application registration problem or application provider will fix this problem :)
This is the worst app. It constantly needs updating!!!
didn't help me at all take me through difficulty changes
Installed and will not open.
It hangs up on update and I can't use it until it updates!!
Blah
Cannot find ebilling UGH, used to work just fine. Why should plan type matter at all in regards to whether or not I can pay my bill on the app?!
Had to uninstall due to the app not taking my password even after I changed it and got the email confirmation of the change. Plus the mobile site kept freezing.
Warning: This is NOT the correct App for Federal Emoloyee Dental plans. Despite the letter advertising this app, that comes with your member ID card, and confirmation of coverage and limited info regarding your policy that the app gives when you log on, this does not convey the correct information for the Federal Employee dental plans. Learned this the hard way, and now I'm stuck with charges that Humana won't cover. Fed employees be warned. You're better off staying away from Humana altogether.
Unable to log in - says wait for my coverage date to start. Well, that's come and gone...
the app is no good because members cannot even log in or sign in.
Every single time i try to sign in it tells me my username or password doesnt match. Changed my password, (by app's instructions) still can't sign in . I've uninstalled app and reinstalled, same problem.. If Humana is going to call seems like every other day, they could at least program a app that actually works.
Not refilling my auto refills needed for my heart
app no longer works. this sucks
Terrible website Humana really need to clean it up and make it more user friendly .
The app never let you allow to loging.
Well well well. The app is still not working.  I can't sign in.  Keep getting a try again later message.  I'm tired of trying later.  Come on Developer,  fix it!
My experience was awful 😞
I cant not log in
This app is horrible! After signing in it kicks you off!!
I do not like the new version. It no longer shows a running total of the out of pocket, I cannot find RX claims, and it does not list/show pre-authorizations. That now means I have to call and stay on hold forever.
can't log into the app.
Every SINGLE time I've tried to use this app, I cannot because it consistently says my password is incorrect and when I try to change it it tells me there's an error no matter what password I choose.
Yeah I can see my balance on my FSA. That's it. Can't submit claims through the app, like the snail mail letter I received has told me I could do.  Oh and you can't submit them online either. I had no problems doing that with ADP! Come on people it 2016!!!! Get with the program. Seriously who freaking uses fax machines now? Now I have to go out and buy stamps to send you idiots snail mail. Wow.
Never loads my claims. It makes it hard to check which phase I am in when it won't load things.
It gives no info on who your family dr is
Can never get signed into the app it's lousy
new update sucks. cant do anything, keeps kicking me out of the app.
This app is completely worthless. You can't even log in on the app even if you can log in on the computer.
Would not let me use a password
App does not recognize my member I D. Cannot open app.
It won't down load. Keeps  reading download error 309.
log on fine on the web but not on app.information the same . un install
CONSTANT log-in timeouts....utterly useless.
No way to cancel insurance. No way to email.
I can't even open it
Hate the sign in process. B/c I didn't know my username, I went through process to recover it. I need to change it b/c of spelling. But it didn't work anyways.
Lccks you out after 1 attempt to log in. NO phone number to call for help....Sad
When will this support Humana Military?!! it's been 2 years and still NO app from Humana that supports Tricare!?!! Unacceptable
useless app when all it does is crash to the login screen when you perform any task.
This app is difficult to use!
SUCKS. Still Sucks. Still cannot link to the Humana Pharmacy ap. Just like the government. Lot of talk. Nothing done. Its now been a year. Still broke
I would not recommend Humana to anyone .customer is a joke I have filed several medical claims for reimbursement,And instead of paying me they paid provider when it was wrote on claims Do Not pay Provider .Then you have to file appeals and they still screwed up reimbursement and paid provider again on 15 claims. Humana does not offer free services they are charging you check your benefits statement.
Restarts every time I try to view something on the app
Doesn't work for my region
Very limited in function & times out when attempting to view or create any ID card. Mobile website is far superior & takes up no additional memory space. Your info is incorrect or dated. I'm on Android 8 with 32GB of RAM and 64GB of storage.
Live in Vidalia
It's horrible, limited info, always ask me to update before I log in, even if I just updated days ago. And then says I have no doctors within 50 miles of me.. REALLY!
It use to work until 3 months ago. Can't price medications or find a doctor. I've uninstalled & reinstalled a few times but nothing works. Please fix
Cannot get anywhere !!!!!!!!-----your app is worthless !!!!!!!!!
My humana does not work! I have paid this coverage for a year and the app still says it will work when my coverage starts.
Can't get it to work.
A waste to try to find anything hate the app's
This app is as useless as the website itself. Can't check my claims, don't know who charges what to my policy, totally useless..
Won't let me create account
Site will not accept my email keeps saying enter in correct format but I am I give up going back to other company
terrible app.
For the last several weeks the app will not login.   I get a message saying it is mot available at this time.  I use the same username and password on the website and it works just fine.  APP does not work on my galaxy S6.
unable to search for doctors
The app used to work great until they changed it deliberately removing functionality. Who in their right mind makes it harder to do what you need to do?!?! I could do everything I needed to including take a picture of receipts for claims. Now I can't do a thing. What a LOAD OF CRAP... deleted
Stupid app. Tells me wrong username and password everytime. Useless. Please fix
Can't sign in and I know my password and username.
Trash
Will not allow sign in ..
Horrible! I have also spent a number of hours trying to start this app without success! Finally just gave up. Tired of putting info in over and over. All I want to know is if I can set up usage of the fingerprint option to sign in? And how to go about it. This would solve so many problems with this and many other apps. Please help. I'm not putting info in another time on this app!!
I'm not sure about how well or poor the app works, but I do know that the company as a whole, SUCKS!!! You call to find help or to figure out why suddenly they don't want to cover a drug I have been taking for years and years. When your not being hung up on, or transfered to every different department, you can't get a straight answer from anyone once you do finally get a live person. Everyone you talk to, gives you different or false information... I'm over this company as a whole.
Can't get into the app
Poor communication or there lack of communicating...
not consistant
No acess to msg center is must "HAVE" option avail.  Get that fixed....
Can't use, will not update.
Tried to log on to website because I'm unable to download app came back as 
failed to connect. It's been saying download pending for 5 days now..
Can not sign in 😡
Someone got my info thru Humana called me trying to get more info using Humana. Reported it, Humana blew it off never contacted me. I left Humana because of this.
Frustrating. Poor access. No answer to my email.
Always 500 server error
Developers got bored and decided to screw things up...again.  Who hires these people?!?! Should rename this app, Mañana
All I want to know is do I have vision coverage
App will not open.
This app is useless. It says there are no in-network providers within 50 miles and I know there are.
Can't get into it. I start and it says reload.
Installed and it doesn't work.
This app NEVER remembers your PW, so u have to come-up w,/ a new 1 EVERY time.
Essentially useless for most times I tried to use it.  Very frustrating.
Does not let me login; web based login works fine.  This thing is a peace of junk that I am removing for the second time.  Let me know if you ever figure out how to fix it.
Does anyone at your business know what they are doing.
It's horrible. Useless.
The whole humana online system is horrible to deal with! !!
Awful
Won't take my new password
I have been trying to open my app but it keeps stopping. Please fix this issue
Not user friendly very frustrating
Could not sign in
boring and useless haven't found a real use for it.
I forgot my password and for days been trying to reset it and got no emails from Humana. Called today and still nothing. Am ready to uninstall my mobile app and also tried in on my main computer.
app shuts down as soon as I open it. sent feedback as requested, severl days later I've heard nothing. can customer service get any worse than that?
trying to get ifo considering switching to them, this app is worthless
I can't login through this app. I've uninstalled, reinstalled, rebooted my phone, cleared my cookies and anything else they have told me to try when I contact Humana. The app just doesn't work.
It does not work. I cannot even open it.
I love Humana. But not this app. Wouldn't let me log in. Called the number and they told me my policy had been cancelled. Turns out it hadnt. Not a good scare on someone EIGHT MONTHS PREGNANT. -_-
Can't log in ,,,,,,,...suks...
TERRIBLE APP ABLE TO SIGN IN BUT PHARMACY CLAIMS DON'T SHOW ANYMORE JUST KEEP GOING round in circles would not recommend this horrible app it work good for me for two years or more then developer told me it was fixed I don't think so how did this get fixed need to eliminate this app if ppl don't know what they are doing
Tracking sucks. Three days after shipped it USPS tells me label only has been printed and they haven't received the package yet. It's faster for me to go back to a local pharmacy. Also insurance won't cover meds at hospital pharmacy when all locals are closed so I have to pay full price
App would be ok if it didnt need to update everytime you log on!!! its ridiculous if its working fine its no reason to update its probably just another way install spieware.. next update i will uninstall!!
Refuses to open an online account for me. Frikkin ridiculous 7
I'm eligible for $75 every 3 months for otc medicines and supplies...tried online and tried this app ...but humana has know desire to help me receive what I'm do..must be some secret password that I'm not allowed to have
searching for providers never returns any results.
Can register but can never log back in. Talked to customer service and was not at all helpful.
I would love to use this app but why does Humana need to have access to location, photos/media, camera, and especially wifi connection? That just doesn't seem right!!!
Terrible app! Very confusing to use. You can't tell what you owe versus what has been paid. The pharmacy app sucks too. You can't tell the status of your order. A moron must have developed these apps. Worse than the previous version.
Doesn't recognize my location, or allow editing my information.
Very difficult to find in network providers. Had to call instead. Finally found where to look that was more efficient
Crap. Let's try the old one...
cant even pull up my cards
bad
Could not sign in at this time. Please try again later.
I can never login. I put in my password and poof the app is gone. I will be using website not app. And yes I already reported twice with no avail. Not recommended.
not happy with humana make sad good but?????
contacted by phone because the app offers nothing of value.
Everytime I try to log into the app, it says user name and password don't match. User name is saved and I've reset the password at least 5 times already because of this. Also after I rest my password and am finally able to log in the search option says my Mbr. Id is too long. So pretty much useless.
App requires me to up date every 2 weeks now am unable to update states all ready updated ,but try to log in and reads up date required ,unable to access it at all now,very serious problem here .
I am tired of all personal questions being asked that do not relate to anything about Humana or my account with them.
Go back to the old app. This new one sucks.
Doesn't work anymore
Can't log in and it says the server is temporary unavailable. I'm trying to pay my monthly premium.
Couldn't log on
Totally useless ap! No.. I'd card unable to schedule anything can't find drs. Can't pay your bill A waste of time a lot of hoop a la.. like the rest of it provides a lot of smoke all useless.
All it keeps saying is that it unavailable so I have lost so many points. Will not load my fit bit. Keep trying to get the new fitbit and I think im just over it😔
Wouldn't search for doctors in area. Then tested to show pharmacies in the area, wouldn't work. Closed app and reopened to sign back in, now says there its having trouble signing me in at the moment to try again later.
App consistently crashes back to login page on galaxy note 8.
My favoriite
Will not open. Force closes before it ever gets started.
no stars. you can't find me. all you do is frustrate me.
Unless you want only the obvious, just go to the website instead.
ridiculous
This app does not work on your phone
Completely useless. It doesn't let me download my card, can't pay bill, not showing providers around me, doesn't show prices for procedures on my plan. It just doesn't do anything that it should.
Cant login via mobile only pc, not useful until working
Old one did not work, so they made a new one that does not work??
It's not helpful at all.
Most features do not work on android 10? Uninstalling.
App will not let me create an account.
Try to find a drug price and it won't let me do anything without a pharmacy. Can't get a pharmacy because I don't have a zip code?? Bunch of junk. Won't waste my time again.
Forced update on Galaxy note 9 then instantly crashing app now
After letting me do the initial sign up, now it won't let me in at all.
terrible, hard to navigate. can't find what your looking for and constantly send you bank to the sign in screen. time to redesign this website!!!!
Horrible
Not only does the app not work on your phone, you can't even log onto the site through ANY device.  I can't check the status of my prescription refills. Hello, United Healthcare!
Very bad I need a 10 year-old to get this up and running
Wont let you sign anymore.
EVERYTIME I sign you want me to change my password. ENOUGH I don't like this site.
Doesn't work well. Trying to pay a bill that's not being paid by a debit card that I no longer have is impossible. Soooo much bulls*i#!
It does not work. Waste of time😣
Absolutely no help for anything I need
It sucks
cannot access my plan details or delete medications no longer taking
Still can not sign in
Can't see coverages
I just create an account but it says username or password does not match any of our records please try again
Fix your web site
Every time I log on I have to change my password.
can't bring up ID cards or find anything in the search. pretty much useless
Did not work
Does not let me look at Drs, Hospitals etc
I have to go on to my computer to do anything with humana the app doesn't not recognize my username or password even though it is the same I use to login into on my computer.
It is horrible can't even open it...it starts shutting my whole phone down!!! What in the world!!!???!!?😳😳😳🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
Old version was better
I wanted to view the ANC not what happened LAST YEAR. Make the damn thing accessible.
Twice I was unable to create a username and password to create an account.
Update 4/3/20: now the app just keeps IMMEDIATELY CLOSING! Can't even get it to open! Haven't gotten off the registration screen... It's AWFUL! Don't make any errors because when you go to correct them.... Arghhh! Start all over!
No way to renew enrollment
Trying to sign into the app and it's telling me that my username and password doesn't match. I tried signing in on the website online and it worked. Don't understand this app. I'm not changing my username and password for this stupid app. I'll look up everything online. But please fix it.
Very hard to contact. No email address and no live chat. Still operating in the 90's.. Phone contact only with long wait time's. Going back to my old pharmacy.
Horrible app. I just logged in on my military computer reset all information and then went to down load this app. No issues downloading, but didn't recognize my new User or ID. After a couple of tries, the app froze up and I hade to get out of it.......again. they need to put zero stars on the rating, but one star.gets the message across.
Apparently there's never any doctors within 50 miles of us. Useless app.
Terrible app...Should be able to use? Not just look at stuff ?? Waste of time?? Why have? Useless? 1) Should be able to appeal denied claim.2) should be able to chat with Humana rep3) should be able to email with humana app*** THIS app must be from 1990s? Do you have Attari? Pong? Or Dial up AOL ?? Maybe put place to click send telegraph?? JOKE..My appeal I CALLED...still shows no change, other 2 (same Dr, Same claim, "in review) no change, still in review)
It sucks!
Hard to use. Logon slow. Requires update but it will not load.
Super glitchy! Will not allow me to edit my meds list to add why it's taken. Keeps reloading and shutting down.
I found no reason to keep the app past the point of saving a copy of my ID card. I would REALLY like to have had the option of being able to request a new one be sent to have as well. No problem. I'll call customer service like always. I just thought they were adding another way of getting this done without having to. I looked all through every single option on the app and found no way to search for a doctor. I clicked on everything I could to see what it would do and nothing. Have uninstalled.
I have an account but can't log in on the app.... worthless...
Can't make a monthly payment from this app.... I've never had such a hard time making a monthly payment...
Can't get in app
It will not load any search results it just keeps sending me to the dashboard so I just try to research and it just keeps crashing/saying search results can't be found... what the F?!? How can I use my coverage if I can't find a doc?!?!
HUMANA CAN KISS MY ASS!!!
I wish it had more options and showed more, like mail order pharmacy info!
Cannot register entering all personal information correctly and still can't access. This is 5 time and don't have time to do this again uninstalled
Will only work with certain Medicare plans
Can not download updates
Changed password ...Is accepted....but never can log in. Same thing with 
Humana pharmacy app
can't login
The detectives r working on this, because i have no control over this...the doctors that i didn't choose r quacks...tdk
Absolutely worthless. Sits and spins. Faster to just call and sit on hold for hours or just use the website.
Supposedly there is an issue validating a claim. Letter stated I needed to use the myhumana app to submit documentation. Oddly enough it says my username and password don't match. Obviously this is an ongoing issue based on previous comments. Waste of time and frustrating.  Hard to promote it to members when it's not functional without hassle.
Takes am awful lot to get into your prescription. Worse site but great insurance and personal care.
This is bs. Tells me user name and password is incorrect. Went to website using same username and password and it works. Seeing the comments below this is a reoccurring theme.
Won't accept my password
Can't even register. Won't le me pick a security question. Why even bother with technology when people can't get it right, just wasted my time.
my old humana app was working just fine had to update to check on my orders and now it's not even letting me sign n this is horrible
I hate this crappy app
Inadequate bandwidth
App crashes when I try to open it.
Cant sign in half the time n tbis insurance really sucks im actully getting ready to switch back to what i had Humana dont cover or want to cover alot of my medications or diabetic supplies that i need...
Don't like it too
Failure! Can't even locate a doctor or urgent care facility near me. Ridiculous. Humana needs a major update.
This is the slowest app I ever worked with!
Hate it. Links don't work, can't make a payment,  I even tried their website. It's frustrating. It's telling me I don't have an account when they emailed me not even 24 hours ago to pay my premium.
Always same thing wrong with this app
They have multiple apps which should be combined. Features that *should* be in one app are in a different one! Like searching for a drug price *should* be in the PHARMACY app, right?! IT ISN'T! It's in THIS app! "Support" is USELESS! They can't even make the notifications work right!
Tells me i have the wrong answer my security question - i think i know what city i met spouse in. Always an issue trying to access -
Only gave 1 star because I can order online. Its absurd theres no detailed information OR pictures to go with the POS items. The prices are so outrageous its shocking. I cant help but wonder what their kickbacks are🙄
THIS IS TERRIBLE, I INSTALLED THE APP, UPDATED IT, NOW I EVERYTIME I OPEN THE APP TO REQUEST ASS REFILL I CAN'T. WHAT GIVES?
I need a app were I can at me and my family So we can stay updated with our doctors and updates
I have a dental plan through Humana. As it stands right now, I cannot log in through their website or the app. I have an automatic payment scheduled for 2/1/18, but I have no way of accessing my Humana account at all. This is the most frustrating experience I have ever had with an insurance company, and that is really saying something. I just want to pick a dentist for God's sake!
Can't get it to work. I have a dental plan won't let me login. Easier to just use web.
bad slow will not open
Will not open just xpind
Will not let me log in to my account. Just says try again later. It used to 
work fine😟
Drug Pricing GONE
I can't sign in, even after contacting help at Customer service
Can't tell until I can log in
hcant sign in
It will not open the h just sits on the screen justs freezes my phone have to restart my phone evertime
This app no longer works, can't order refills
Doesn't let me on. I need help now
It would be nice if I could sign in, but I always get the same error 
message. "Cannot sign in at this time. Try again later"
This app is crap!
Trying to find a service provider. Call division number listed on their website. Wanted me to call a different number. why don't you just say that in the beginning instead of making me go through extra steps. Also must sign in on an old-fashioned computer. Desktops are becoming passe. Got rid of mine 10 years ago because I can do most everything along phone or tablet. Humana should come into the 21st century
App applauds itself as a 5 Star app. Not! As for numerous others it continues to pop up an error message every time I try to login. Can't use it. The MyHumana app won't help, telling me I must use Go365, also as very frustrating, useless app. If you cared about your customers, these problems should be solved and resolved, not on a per person basis, but the apps as a whole so it works for everyone.
I can't sign in. Always says try again later
No
Useless frustrating
App keeps crashing at startup.
Like a few others, I can't sign in.
No vision information, poor performance re finding medical providers based on zip code
Can anyone log in. I have been trying for weeks and weeks. This is probably why I will be searching for something else. I have had the same username and password for everytthing for the past 20 years please fixx this..it your blood pressure isnt up it will be by the time you place an order or get your scripts delivered, I am actually in tears over this
This app will not open. Says keeps closing.
A PIECE OF AGGREVATING GARBAGE!!!
Cannot search for providers by zip code??? Makes this a relatively useless app other than having a copy of your insurance on your phone... Which i could have by just taking a photo of my card...
Will not let me sign in to RX.😠
I could not register on this app.  It didn't take either of my emails  or the security question.   Bummer can't use it.
Received letter stating account had changed to email notifications.  Can't access account through app  or online because welcome page states site will be ready "soon".   Said that since last year.   Contact through email doesn't work either.  Want changed back to in mail statements but I  don't have time to sit on hold to get this straightened out!  Also have had to change password word twice.  I am deleting app now!
totally confusing.
The app is junk I have all updates on my phone and I can't register my account
Like the web site this app doesn't work. I can't register or reach anyone by phone. I'm so fed up with everything Humana. My premium is payroll deducted... I'm charged an extra $20 a month for being healthy and not going to the doctor. So now to save money I'm getting or trying to anyway a physical. I can't get a list of doctors in my area. I've NEVER gotten an insurance card. So I try this app as my last hope. Like everything Humana it doesn't work.
All outdated information of doctors, just show the tool but never pull out any information.
It use to work but now it never recognizes my password and I have to keep changing it. After I change it, it works great on the website but not on the app.  😭
Will not respond at all!! Forget trying to communicate with this developer!! Developer gets a "0"!! I actually gave the app a 2 because I have been trying for over 3 MONTHS to make a change which is supposed to be updatabe!!! I have been checking daily, and still does NOT work!!! Looks like their motto is "get it right at first or not at all!!" APP IS LOOK ONLY!!!!! Contacting them the way they ask does NO good!! I have tried SEVERAL times to do that also with NO success! NO RESPONSE AT ALL!
HOW DOES THIS APP HAVE 4/5 STARS??? It shuts down. I can't do anything with it. It's freaking ridiculous trying to keep up with my grandfather Medicare with it. Not to mention Humana SUCKS for Medicare coverage. Deductibles are higher than giraffe pu$$y.
Constant system errors. Can't even register my account, so at this point it's worthless. Doesn't even recognize my sign in or password. I can't think of an app that could possibly be worth any less than one you can't access.
worst app ever deserves 0 stars only use if you want to waste 4 hours
Digital ID cards not working right. For some reason for our family of 4, only my husband's card and my baby's card show up. What *should* show up as my digital ID is for my infant. And my other child's card shows up as my husband's. Kinda useless.
Poor app, doesn't load properly or update!
App crashes. How convenient for Humana so you can't file claims.
Can not sign in
I despise this app. Once again I can't access my account!
Want to price prescriptions. Won't download prices. This app is terrible just like thier website
I have tried over and over at least 15 to 20 times to gain access to my insurance account. It sees my user name but my password it does not recognize I have reset my password 5 times and still get nothing. I am really frustrated with this app. Uninstalling immediatly.😬😕
App never works properly. I've been trying to use "find cost of prescription" app for three weeks and it just says "price cannot be loaded at this time. I'll switch back to Anthem as soon as possible.
Keeps crashing or it just stops recognizing altogether. Humana apps are never any good.
Lousy
Horrible won't work at all
Omg, this app takes forever to load waited 3 mins. Uninstalled and reinstalled so many different times then re-powered still the slowest app besides it's pharmasy app that can be just as slow. You need to keep up with useage/volume consumption of the public.
App just kicks you out right away. I've sent feedback with no response.
Worse app ever
Oh boy i.have humana! Well was at my dentist he told me that my pretty white teeth had to all be pulled due to chemo.making them to soft and loose! Well humana is giving me hell!
Weak
The worst app I have ever tried to navigate
Will not accept info
Changes are awful to use, nothing can be located. Now you have to wait on the phone for everything...Amazon has better customer support!
Terrible
Check ins don't work. App literally gives WiFi access and that's it. 
Support? No where to be found. Multiple requests submitted and I get an 
automated response saying they are behind on tickets.. weeks behind.
Still can't log in and unable to reset my password. Even tried to create a new account and the orillia location is not listed.
The attendance tracker on the app does not work when you select the month
Cant even register. App error
app is not opening on chromebook!!!!
Same problem as everyone else. It was working ok until the latest update. Now the app won't let me login, even tho I can sign in fine using the same credentials on the website. Lame.
You can noy add the classes to your dashboard or to your calendar. The app seams useless.
Doesn't work on my tablet.
None of the canadian locations are in the app...
it never lets me create an account/log in
Since an update i can no longer book a class..the book class button is 
missing..fix soon please
joined the gym and at 44 biggest regret of my life...after 5 years of PF....IT IS THE MOST OVERPRICE GYM IN RALEIGH AND PEOPLE ARE SO RUDE FOR 20.OO NOT 10.00 A MONTH...NEW YORK ROOTS SHOWS...PLUS YEARLY FEES ARE MORE....SUCKS
Just joined the new Crunch Gym in Toronto at College Park.  The staff at the club recommended this app. Why is this club STILL NOT LISTED ???   Is there any plan to include it soon??
I can't even create an account without the app throwing errors. Reached out to customer service but have received no response.
not compatible in Canada  😔
Can't even sign on. Looks like they haven't even touched this app in over a year. Don't offer it as an alternative to the pass if you're not gonna continue supporting it. Corporate gyms are so lazy.
Won't let me type my full password in so I can't log in. Useless app.
New update does not let me log in
It was working perfectly for me till the last update. It doesnt recognize 
my email and says i dont have an account. Funny because crunch sends my 
payment receipt to my email. They never have an issue with that. I tried 
uninstalling and reinstalling and tried to reset my password. Nothing works 
and the girls at the club werent even able to point me in the direction of 
help.
Can't create account. Totally unacceptable
it doesn't update or allow you to uodate info, it didnt work. Only was able to look at the schedule couldnt evenuse the other functions.
Everything about the app seems functional apart from one thing, which I am most concerned about, the check-ins. Many other people have this issue as well as it may seem. For me, I need to keep track of my check-ins for the benefits of a wellness program. However, neither the app nor the desktop website allows me to perform this task. On top of which, Crunch employees apparently are "not allowed to print out a check-in sheet". Please fix this issue, thank you.
Update won't let me reserve classes. Lots of links to social media and trackers like Strava, but unclear if shared date is secure. FAIL.
App keeps crashing.
im not able to set up account
Extremely basic!
I hate to give feedback but rating but some really poor decisions were made in upgrading this. Yes, it looks nicer and integrates more features but, you ruined the ability to sign up for classes. It only shows one club at a time. I have an all city pass. I could previously go in and look for a yoga class at all of the city's gyms. Now, I'd have to search each of them individually... what were you thinking?
Needed to shorten my password to get in, the app allows fewer characters than the website. More importantly, my check-in history appears to be gone (needed for insurance purposes) and I can't reserve my upcoming classes for some reason. This gym is just too expensive for these types of problems.
This app is the worst. Classes don't open for booking when they're supposed to, so you have to constantly keep checking or you'll miss it and won't get in. Constant errors and bugs and support just tells you "it's the gym's problem" when it's clearly an app developer problem.
Doesn't install on nexus 4. Says invalid package.
I am unable to link my Fitbit. The app opens up random pages when I try to add the Fitbit. I also do not show the days I checked into the gym. The app shows zero which is not true. I was finally able to add my tracker and that seems to work. can you fix my check ins and have them show.?
Trying to reserve a yoga class but the app says there are zero classes available at my home location. Go the website, plenty of classes. Try to reserve a spot and what does it say to do that? Go to the app!!! Seriously?!?!??!
Password isn't being recognized in the app even after successfully resetting the password and logging into the web portal.
Doesn't let me log in
When I set up a new account, it says I already exist. So I log in with email and password and says I cannot be found. When I click "forgot my password", it says it cannot locate my account. Stupid app. 😡
Does not do anything other than allow me to scan check-in
can't login even if I change my password. useless.
Can't even register 'crunch account not found'. Only downloaded because the website is stupid and  it user friendly in the slightest.
i have a moto g7...i can't create an account on the app.. it always just said to try again later
Cannot log onto app, Access any useful information, or do anything useful
Just downloaded and the font is way to small. Can anyone tell me how to get a barcode. Thank you
Put simply, the Android app does not work at all. I've never seen an an app that has so many great features and not a single one of them work.
Broken, can't log in. Tells me to log in on website instead. Can log in there just fine.
This is so frustrating. They roll out this new App with no announcement and it absolutely does not function on my Android Phone. I have to log on to my PC to make a reservation. The pull downs don't function, does not recognize my All City Pass. I expected Crunch Gym to have a professional quality App, obviously they do not care about their member's interface with the App. 125 bucks a month for this? I mean if customer service at the desk or on the phone at least tried to care, or even if they attempted to better communicate the problems. But no. Very disappointed in the unprofessional manner in which this roll out has been managed.
Won't change old barcode to new one.
Can't reserve classes on the app. Very buggy in general.
Our local gym tell us in order to get wifi we must log in to the app, and 
when you do that, it still won't log you in. The people at the gym tells us 
it has to do with the app. So someone please fix it!
I cannot even create a login. Useless app until I can create that. Seems like others have the same problem.
These screen shots above bear little resemblance to the actual app - those buttons look actually usable! The type is so small on Android (on both my HTC One and My Nexus 7) that it is nearly impossible to click on anything with any accuracy, let alone read any of it. Adequate QA and some basic changes to the app's styling should have been done before releasi g this app into the Store. Very poorly done.
I can't open an account let alone anything else. I have reloaded the app MANY times to no avail.....It sucks.....Please update it.
Forced upgrade, incorrect check-in history, and error messages when trying 
to find a class. Ugh.
downloaded because I joined the gym NEVER LETS ME CREATE AN ACCOUNT went to my local gym and guy who I spoke to said they don't even teach them anything about app so dissatisfied with this app
It's garbage just like the gym and the owners!!!
Downloaded app, but cant register
When you guys make this app legally blind people friendly and I can actually see the font or enlarge it I will re rate to 5 stars. Come on now!
The new class scheduling system is ridiculous. You can't filter by location 
anymore, it's all the locations together sorted chronologically. It's 
driving me insane. This app gets worse with every update.
App does not put classes on calendar. Pretty useless, other reviews 
complaining about the same thing, yet no one has fixed the problem.
It's worthless. Doesn't really do anything. Though it will help you find a nearby club, all the other features NEVER work. Progress, reservations, nothing.
Cant create a new login have made several attempts smh
Since the update today (2/4), I haven't been able to log in
Can't log in to my account
Always has an erroe, cant get it to ever work
Microscopic font on Note 3. Can't log in and find my account. Delete!
It's buggy and simply doesn't work. Poorly designed navigation to book classes. And the password reset did not work at all.
This new version doesn't record my log ins or progress. The older version was better. Please fix this bug!!
Wasted of my time with this app they need to fix asap 💪
The only thing worse than this app is the support. Install it only in case you leave your keys at home (barcode scan). Don't expect anything else on this app to work, and absolutely don't expect the support team to fix it.
Not working properly
Is always loading, doesn't work well for android
Wont let me create account fix asap pls.
I just signed up for this gym. Everything is great. Then, new app update comes out and all they can tell me is oh well. Looks like it's broken. With android I was able to download an older version of this app and use it for gym check in. But, I tried and waited for weeks reset password and email 12 times. What a Waste! New update is nice but you BROKE THE CHECK IN! Seriously?!
Everytime I go to create an account through the app it just tells me "Crunch account not found"  well isn't that the problem I'm trying to solve by creating an account.  The only thing I can think of is the barcode number is not synced with the website after a few weeks.  Will change rating if this is resolved.  But for myself and others that are having problems this should have some attention.
Crashes when I try to select home gym so I can't register or sign in.
Its not accepting my barcode that I use everyday abd its my fifth attempt.
Keeps giving me a cannot find account error.
Still cannot log into app even after the update.
App is very buggy. Looks great but doesn't function quite as well.
Logged me out in the New Year and after deleting and loading twice will not provide Canadian locations. I can't use this app at all.
Im being trying to get the app to work for like 3 hrs already and just don't past the terms and agreements, it just frots ther
Can't use the app.i can't even sign up. I keep getting an error message. It's a shame.
doesnt work crashes
It keeps crashing when I open it. I can't edit my profile info (my birthday 
is wrong on there). I can't access the classes and I keep getting a error 
message. Ugh I hate this update.
App doesnt work. Wont let me create account
I can't login on the app because I think it's only USA and not for Canada... Sad because I can get food part and can't connect my watch...
doesnt work
App crushes
doesn't track your visits. mine still says zero
The app keeps telling me that it can't find my account...and I have been attending my gym for a month
Nothing works. I can't create an account for the membership I've had for almost 7 years nor does the APP ISSUE/QUESTION function in the support tab work. To top it all off no one at the club from the manager down knows how to use it either. Totally ridiculous.
The app was working fine then all of a sudden it logged me out and wont ket me sign in again. I've change my password and everything. I can sign in online but the app wont let me
Update does not work. Why release an update and not test?
This app is for the US only and doesn't support Aussie Crunch gym's.
App is not managed efficiently. Class schedules aren't updated and are inaccurate at times. For instance, it has an instructor listed for a class she hasn't taught in at least 4 months.
I can't log in, I can't create an account, I can't do anything. The app is broken, and with everything that's going on, I don't expect to see anything get fixed for a long time.
App is as useless and trashy the gym it represents. Locks you out, will not let you create an account. Like the garbage gym itself, just one problem after another. Hate anything crunch.
Whoever made this update deserves a scolding
Faulty app. Buttons are miniscule and it's physically impossible to cancel a class reservation.
After the update can't reset the password. I went to the staffs for help and they don't even know how or what to do to help me...
Password requirements on the website and app are different?
Bad app. Bring it the old one. Cant even sign up. Get your act together crunch.
Check in history doesn't work at all.
recently joined and downloaded the app and the only thing it is useful for is being a spare barcode in case I forget my actual one. It doesn't record my check ins, I can't register for any group classes, it won't connect with my Fitbit, and I can't sign into the online nutrition. overall a disappointment.
Doesn't show any of my check-ins, doesn't show my schedule, and it won't even let me set a check-in goal.
This application is not compatible with my Samsung Galaxy tablet.   On my S4 phone the font is way to small to read.  When I try to create account I get compatibility errors.  Not impressed and by reading reviews sounds like developers need to start over.  Worst application I ever downloaded.
Only function that works is being able to scan into the gym.
The only thing this app is good for is to check in, but it doesn't register how many time you have checked in.
Every time you go back you have to re enter login credentials. Videos won't play on crunch live. Total waste of space and time.
I can't even get started to log in! Lol the previous version didn't have this issue. May as well uninstall as it serves no other purpose than to use up space.
Wont let me sign up.
Fix the app like damn
Cant login
This app is difficult to read because of the small font size.  It has too many menus to tap through before finding useful information. Generally not user friendly.  Okay if you want to make reservations, if set up properly for your gym and class.
Does not work and the admin never updates or adds to it. Waste of time.
Can't add the classes to my calendar since the new update. I was loving the 
app when it first came out. But now I'm really hating it! It won't even 
show me how many times I've come to the gym! Please fix this!
The app is not working...I have uninstalled & re-installed several times and nothing ...I have a Samsung Note 10 phone
It does not let me log in. Says it can't find my username/password and prompts me to log in to the website. I'm able to log in to the website! The credentials should be the same!!!! Why can I log in to the website but not the mobile app‽ This is ridiculous!!!
so disappointed with this app...I love your gyms
Can't sign up. It keeps giving me an error message saying it can't help me 
reset my password....
I've been trying to download it for days.
This new update sucks more than a brand new Dyson.
Does not work. Can't set goals. Does not show recent workouts.
They did not do their job on this can't reserve a bike which is the only reason I waste valuable space on my phone for it. Simi club people useless
This app sucks doesn't even load into, every time I try to get on the app just force closes. Pointless
App is only for seeing what classes you have attended, signing up for, and canceling classes. No other feature of this app works correctly. It shows I attended four classes last week, but says I have zero check ins. Works fine if you just use it for classes. Do not plan to use it for the other features it says it has.
Update: On a new phone, reinstalled app and my user / password will still not authenticate, while working fine on the website. Another update and they still have not fixed the authentication issue. Same user/password works fine on website everytime. Reading other comments this issue is not unique to me.
Won't even let me create an account with the key card number I use daily at the gym. Worthless
Very frustrating. Use to be able to see classes in all gyms and book and 
now it won't give an option to book or the descriptions. Please fix. Don't 
know why you would eliminate the option to book online!
Just downloaded the app for motivation but it didn't seem to be working. 
Can't book or schedule classes, didn't record my check in to the gym, and 
it won't let me set a goal for weekly check ins. They said they fixed it 
but that was posted before I downloaded. Very disappointing :(
I follow the Crunch Canada IG account and was instructed to DL the app. The app wouldn't let me setup an account and instructed me to visit the website to sign up, which I did then it told me that Canadian customers can't make an account right now. So not sure where I'm supposed to go from here.
Useless app.
Like everyone else I can't login unless program!
Previous version worked fine. After update now does not recognize my password even after resetting it. What a disappointment. This is happening at login....Where was the testing prior to releasing the update?
After moving, I have no way to check out classes at other locations besides 
my home gym. This is a huge inconvenience because there's no way to see 
other classes at various locations.
the App. is extremely well thought out and designed. A big Goose Egg for execution. None of the features such as check in history or check in goals work on my Samsung Galaxy Note. The arrow to drop down is the, but it does nothing. I refreshed, force stopped uninstalled and reinstalled! All to no AVAIL!
This app is completely useless except for checking into the gym and seeing the scheduled classes. You can not register for a class, or see your past check ins to the gym. I also can not get it to sync with my Fitbit.
Why haven't they updated their app in almost 1 year? Why can't I update my profile from the app? I no longer have the original email address that I signed up with, and therefore cannot access that email account to get a new password. Unfortunately their "help" system doesn't offer a solution to this problem. I love the gym but their app is lacking some basics and needs more work.
Can no longer log in. Fails every time. Completely useless.
worthless
Nothing works
This last update is awful. It's ridiculous that I can't check the schedule 
without sharing my location. Before that, when I could still see it, I 
couldn't sign up for classes even though the guy at my home gym made a 
bunch of calls to try to get it fixed. Really poor UX.
The app literally never logs my check ins
Every time I try to create my account; when I tap the home gym option it force quits. Needs to be fixed.
will not load keeps saying crunch not responding please update i feel this application could be very helpful to my excersice program
Why have this app.if Crunch won't fix it, thought it was a great ideal until I downloaded it, but it doesn't keep track of my workouts the main reason I installed it. And it seems frozen, I'm uninstalling this app lots of better ones out there.
Since the app was updated, it stopped working.  Guy at front desk of gym said it was fixed, but person waiting to check in behind me with a different phone had the same problem. PLEASE FIX THIS!
I only downloaded the app to be able to book a class. There's no option to book a class, so I uninstalled the app. (I'm not interested in logging my check-ins and workouts, so I didn't try to test these features--although from other reviews they seem to be buggy as well.) I don't see a way to book a class on the online website for my gym, either, so I guess my only option is to show up to the gym and hope that the class isn't booked. (It seems from their FAQ that this feature varies from gym to gym and tells you to "Contact your home gym.") VERY annoying.
This app sucks don't even waste your time downloading the app
I can't even sign up.
Went to set up an account and it can't even find the location I use in Windsor Ontario Canada.  I will be uninstalling.  Don't waste your time.
won't let me see my check in history. the only good use is that i sooner have to carry my card.
Does not record check in even after a week. The developer needs to work on it.
Can't login, ask for reset.Then go to club and adk for help. they can't  help. not good#FAIL
rip off
Doesn't work for anything other than checking in. doesn't register your check-ins. as of today there is no schedule for classes past today.
Pure Trash unable to log in.
App failed to register
Sucks it takes forever to download
No good on Android (S4), font size is microscopic, no way to change, also doesn't support screen rotation.
This is quite honestly the most worthless app I have ever installed! It provides nothing whatsoever of any use. Unfortunately I cannot give it a 0 star rating so please deduct 1 from what I gave it.
I have the app on my phone and two tablets. It will not open on either tablet and is good only for a bar code on the phone. Worthless!!!
Works well to check in but doesn't track my progress check ins at non home clubs, I been working out at a different location lately and it doesn't log the check ins there... What gives ??
Updated, now can't log in. Unable to reset password either.
The app is horrible. For 2 days straight now after downloading the app, I keep getting an error message saying try again another time when I scan my new crunch barcode so I dont have to put it on my keychain. The app won't let me create an account. What is up with that?
Great for signing in and finding classes nothing more.  Would be GREAT if we could check our dues and pay them with this app. Even GREATER if it sent out notification for a favorite class or something
Can't log in to do anything. Please fix the glitches!
useless app I cant even log in
The app crashes when I try to select gym locations
Doesn't do much
can you guys please fix the app so k can view my account and check in history?! its been broken far too long
This app is so bad, I will likely join the new Chelsea Piers when my Crunch 
membership is up in July.
I created my account on my computer first and made my password with the normal setup (uppercase, lowercase, and a number) when I download this app and try to type my password in it won't allow me to enter any numbers at all so that I can't put the right password in I then try to reset my password and the reset link they sent me hasn't worked at all so now I can't change the password.
Used to work fine. Now it seems like it is trying to login to US Crunch instead of Canada.
Punch in my barcode and it said i didn't have an account!?!
the app wont even let me log in
Doesn't Work** On Crunch Canada’s socials we were instructed to download the app in order to gain gym access. But the app doesn't even work in Canada and none of the locations are answering their phones either, just an automated message.
It doesn't work at all. If it actually did all the things the interface indicates it would be awesome. The only good it does is let you scan in with your phone.
useless app customers support also useless
This app is useless can't login at all. Had the desk try to help out still 
couldn't get it yo work. I'm done with this app. Get it together Crunch. I 
can log in online but not with the app.
Worthless. Don't even bother downloading
Cannot even register. Have been trying for weeks. Everytime I get "Oops. Something went wrong. Try again later".
Worked fine until today.
I use the app exclusively to log in. Previous version never had an issue. The latest version "forgets" my login credentials in such a way that it will even tell me my password is incorrect when it's not. Then I have to bug the front desk person to manually log me in. While the new version looks like they have a lot of new features the login bug makes me curse this app often. Guess the devs need more regression tests 🙃
The only way to use the WiFi I pay for with my membership is through the app sign in. The app isn't compatible with my new phone (an S7) I can't be the only one with this problem and I am very diapleased.
It need to be updated. Sad that its not working like it use to. Something needs to done so the app works right. Its weird I will try to log in on the app it won't let me. But when I log on the website it's fine.
App won't let me login and when I click to register, which I have already done on the website, it gets me to pick a location. The locations are only in the US and none of them are in Canada. I'm guessing that that is the issue as to why I can't login. I've been told to wait it out and I have been for about a week. I have uninstalled and re-installed the app including clearing storage and cache. Does not work and therefore I cannot access the nutrition side of my service.
I know that others have been able to register for classes using the app but all that is displayed when I go to find a class is "No classes found for your search. Maybe try a different filter? Change filters" even though I have all classes and all categories. How does one register for a class? As a note I updated my app just to make sure that I was not seeing it due to not having the most recent version.
Too many bugs and everytime it's updated, can't log in
After a very disappointing roll-out of the new app, most bugs were fixed, 
but this latest version doesn't allow me to sign up for classes through the 
app (the "book this class" button is missing).
I got logged out in the new year and can't seem to log into the app anymore. My password is correct because I can log into the membership portal on the website. This is really inconvenient because I use the app to decide between classes at the two locations close to me.
I can't even sign in to pull up my barcode.
The website supports 40 character passwords. The app does not. Sad.
Doesn't accept login and when I click "forgot password" it just says "error has occurred."
Something went wrong. Try again later
I miss the old version, my workouts don't update, I can't check in with my phone and I can't add or delete my personal info as needed. This app sucks!!
Just does not work. Cannot get past entering bar code. I've typed it in and have scanned it.
Constantly crashes
I am trying to register on here for an account and the app Force Closes whenever I select a home gym... Will have to register on my computer instead and try a login that way... Pretty poor bug tho
I couldn't really use it, I had so much trouble with the app, I even asked a gym manager to help me and she was as shocked as me, we couldn't make it work, even tho I deleted and downloaded again, it keep on changing my personal info like birthday 🤦🏽‍♀️😂
Still can't login, and the gym still has awful hours. Also, after signing 
up for the "lowest" price before opening, everyone's price went down $5 a 
month for those who weren't suckered into the pre-opening contract. What a 
complete waste.
Won't let me sign up. My area doesn't even show up under home gym
App is a joke can't even log in tried multiple times check my email everything's okay don't download it
not able to sign up for class. does not track my log in.
HELP!!!!! I can book all classes EXCEPT "Ride". I called my location and they cannot help with app. I sent a email 1 week ago using contact us on the website but no reply. Can you help? I have re-download the app many times, signed out many times and nothing has worked. Why can't I book the class?
Absolutely useless. I can't log in and the Crunch employees told me to just not worry about it. Crunch is worst, stinky, and gross gym I've ever been to.
Can't get the app to work. Hate the new update. Like old version better!
Update didn't transfer my workouts or progress.
Can't even log in
So far disorganised. You cant book classes until 22 hrs before class when suddenly fully booked but go in the gym n spaces available. Also you book a class thru app and it registers a different class on google calandar.
Hello? North Brunswick?  Yea how about ALL of NJ?! Edit.  Even better it says my crunch account doesn't exist. God help you if you charge me and I don't have a membership or if you think I'm even going to join your gym then
Can not even log my account because it keeps telling me account not found.  I need to create the account in order to use the online videos.  Highly disappointed.
Doesn't Work The app does not keep track of your check ins and will not let you set a weekly goal for your workouts. I would really like to see my checkin history other than that I feel that the app is totally useless. Can someone fix this???
Useless. Doesn't start most of the time and I have never been able to log in. "Something went wrong, try again" S8. Uninstalled.
It's Like a dummy App... Nothing works! All I can do with this app is pull the barcode and scan it to check in at the gym. The big bold check in history feature doesn't work! If the app is just for a check-in barcode why go through the trouble designing it like you did?
It will not let me sign in... I have been back and forth to the gym to resolve this issue. I can't get in a workout class without going threw the app. Not impressed 🤔
When is it going to start working for the San Lorenzo area!? Should have tested the app before promoting it.
It never worked
I used the application alot to reserve a spot in classes. Recently, I was prompted to upgrade, attempted it several times and finally removed the application. Rebooted the phone and attempted a clean install. That also failed. Not sure why you'd change an application that was working. You may want to consider user testing before rollout!
I cant sign in I keep gettin redirected to the website.
it seems like once it will allow me to create an account that it might be useful. Unfortunately it keeps coming up with an error each time that I attempted to create one. It's very frustrating and I hope that this is fixed soon.
Find another gym
This app keeps losing my credentials and recently lost all the history. The new app doesn't even show me when I've come to the gym and now I have to log everything by hand. What's the point of scanning?
broke app
This is useless.  Do not download it
I just signed up and downloaded this today. I created an account and just tried to look at classes. It's saying "no results found" for every search. Also every time I push my phone's back button it exits out of the app. Very annoying and useless.
App doesn't work anymore. It doesn't record how many times you've been at the gym.
"We're sorry. We couldn't reset your password." I'm trying to get an 
account, not reset my password. Can't even use the app. Useless.
This app is useless. The club check-ins does not work. The workout log does not work. You can't update your info. The only thing this has is the barcode to check in to the club. Total waste of space.
Fix the fonts.. Way too small. Test your app before you release it!
Worst customer service of any gym I've ever been apart of. They don't help you out with anything. The management sucks and their employees don't give a damn about members.
I can not log in here. I knw my password and it works in website but when i try to login in the app, it doesnt allow me :(
App seems all-around broken. Check in tracker doesn't work, class reservations don't work. I haven't been able to do a class in awhile because every time I attempt to reserve a spot, the app is busted, and I apparently can't just walk in and sign up for a class. The whole reason I got peak membership was for classes that I can't use. Feels like a big scam.
Never worked at all. Couldn't sign up for 3 days.
I was expecting more than just a check-in barcode. None of the features work. What's the point not designing an app that doesn't work?
Can't book classes anymore as of the latest update! The button is gone, 
please fix this! The app is useless otherwise! Also, listing ALL of the 
classes available at ALL of my favorite locations is a terrible idea. It's 
a visual mess!
Don't fix what's not broken, sucks now!
It doesn't allow me to create an account
I have installed this app and can NOT get it to open. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times and it's still not working. Restarted my phone, still won't open!!?
Where is my Montclair Location? I can't sign up if I don't have a "Home Gym"😒
They say the app works for some not all and they (staff) offer no solution to the fix. when you go to the gym they (staff) say you cant register for a class earlier than 30 min prior. needs fixed. I have uninstalled several times.
I want to like the update to the new design but dang it just has too many bugs that make basic functionality a nightmare. 1) The login bug that forced me to reset my password when I first downloaded it. 2) the check in barcode not loading if there is no network connection (even if I'm on connected to crunch wifi but haven't opted in). 3) Booking spin classes just gives me a "Class was not booked, please try again later" error. I have to use the website to book my spin classes? 4) other classes may or may not book via the app, always watch for an error at the bottom of the screen and check for your class booked confirmation emails.
I am also unable to log in to the updated app. I've successfully reset my password online twice but the app doesn't recognize them. Reinstalling didn't help either.
None of the Brampton gyms are listed so I cannot set up an account. Without an account the app doesn't work. Please update with all gyms.
I keep trying to upload the app and it shuts down every time.
Plain and simple app does not work.
Can't log in and home gym not found. No Canadian gyms in list. Can log in on website but not app. Poor service
Undeveloped and not user friendly
Outside of the app showing my barcode to check in, nothing else seems to work. I cant see check-ins which I need for reimbursement at work or set checkin goala.
Pretty Much useless nothing functions
Won't let me create an account.
The only useful feature on this app is the member card barcode. Check-in History not seem to work at all. Record a Workout is not useful. Weightlifting, for example, asks to record Distance, Duration and Calories rather than Exercise, Reps, Sets, Weight that you would want to record.
App is technically useless Cant create account, so can't login. Tried multiple times and it just says "something went wrong please try again" They need to fix the bugs on the app ASAP! Just to be able to login at least.
Haven't been able to login in weeks. Complete garbage app. Complete garbage upgrade.
My visits to the gym is not accurate under progress and I am NOT able to alter it myself.  The class schedule is not easy to find and it's not accurate there should be a section for keeping track of losing weight and keeping track of workouts.
Great job fixing something that wasnt broken
Can't even log in! Doesn't work! Cro
I've been trying for a week to create an account. Everytime I get an error msg telling me to try again later.
app is horrible. doesn't find your home gym in my case NY.. keeps sending me to all the gyms in Canada.. can't reserve any classes both online or in this app.. The company collects plenty of membership dues not to keep this up to date..
app doesn't allow you to create a login and is basically worthless
I cannot sign in at all. The website itself isn't very informative. I was really excited to try and find out more about the amenities and sign up for classes. I've been a member for one day and already am starting to regret this. Please fix it!
I've been trying for almost a week to login to this app and it keeps saying the same thing, "We're sorry! Something went wrong. Please try again later." How much later? You definitely have some links to work out.
When trying to create an account this app keeps crashing. It's useless.
Day one force upgrade. I had to stand at the entrance to the gym and update 
the app over 4g in order to get into the gym. This app needs a product 
manager that thinks about user experience. Also crashes when I home out on 
the barcode page and relaunch the next day.
My phone automatically updated the app. Now I can't get in. I press the forgot password link and the system says it sent me a reset password email but I did not receive it. I tried it several times and even checked my spam folder. Please fix this issue.
I am registered on the website and have no issues logging in but the app will not let me login.
Got a gym membership thru them and their app is horrible. Called club to ask about it girl was CLUELESS. I JUST WANT TO LOG IN
Doesnt work at all. Trash
Horrible app. Can't even sign in because it wont remember my credentials. Broken
WorkedGREAT until update. CANT GET IN
This app won't even let me log in. Terrible.
Cant see amittville class schedule. You need to add field to select gyms. I just updated the app and i still cant reserve a class
No stat or routine logging. check in "could take 24 hours to post". they have a barcode reader for the card that logs you into their system when you arrive, so why does the app ask how many minutes I trained for.
Didn't work at all for me
Would not let me login. Tells me to use the website. Website does not track my visits. Both are horrible. Fix both.
Since my update I can't even log on. Then when I try to reset my password it says try again later. Fix it please!!!
Unable to track checkins and work outs. Never worked from initial install. 
What's the use of having the options? App sucks.
Cannot login to the app even though website login works
Trying to create an account and it keeps saying my barcode doesn't work. But when I call the club the barcode works just fine.
Can't book classes anymore
Not good at all
poor app. check in doesnt work...can't load goals..many time instructors are not correct..not updated..not worth.it.
Unable to edit info on app i.e. email address that has changed
I download this app and (1) it wouldn't transfuse my iformation .(2)i had to create new act it's say something Went wrong try aging later. Its not letting do anything. And its working
I can see schedules for my area and videos are available, but that's it. I'm not able to use the check in, my workouts or anything else to keep track. nothing else works on this app.
Isn't compatible with nexus 7
Nice update! Now even less useful than before. Please test your code before releasing.
Been a member for a year now and the app has only worked for check in/barcode. Wish it would have my PT balance and check in history and I know I'm not the only one. Functionality seems to be an issue with each update. Really not worth it st this point unless these issues are addressed.
Won't even let me create an account to use it.. Don't understand why..
Cannot book classes due to repeated error messages.
Awful update! It is useless now. Won't display much except error messages. 
Fix it.
Why the stupid update?
App will not log me in. I can log into the main website from my mobile browserand pc browser. I only use the app to scan into the gym.
As a former club member who decided to return to Crunch I am having trouble with signing in online/app. I am unable to create a new account, and no one seems to be able to update the original log-in to reflect my current membership and new home club.  I have been trying to get this fixed since January.  Any help would be greatly appreciated.
With the new update, it keeps saying Error when I try to access the 
classes. There is also no option to add the class to my phone calendar. I 
liked that previous feature
cannot create an account. after submitting info a dialogue pops up and says "oops! something went wrong. please try again later." but later never came...
This doesn't really seem to be useful for me. There should be a calendar 
that logs your check ins with the ability to add notes. I guess having gym 
maps available for each location would be cool too to make finding 
equipment easier when going to other gyms. Just seems like an outdated, 
clunky app. The only useful feature seems to be the class schedules.
Downloaded app but can't even create an account. Error message: "Sorry, something went wrong, please try again." I've tried many times, same result. Very disappointing.
Please fix the app errors. The app hasn't worked since I signed up. It's sad when even the staff says hold off on using it... Now having to use a different app. 👎
This app wont even let me sign up please fix this
I go to crunch signature and you would think that for a gym that charges pretty high fees, they would have a decent app. That's not the case here. The new update sucks. I keep having to log back in even though I never sign out, it doesn't show your gym log, and many other errors. Old app was better
useless
App does not work!
This app sucks. Can't track my productivity or book classes.
nothing in the app works. checkin history, recording workouts, etc. prettt useless app.
terrible Services and broken equipment at every location in the Tampa bay area very disappointed
Joined gym, got key card, but can't join app.  "Something went wrong." Very helpful error message.  2 months later, same issue.
I'm paying for peak plus and I can't access any of the features I'm paying extra for either because it creates an infinite loop of logging in (when trying to access crunch live) or straight up doesn't show Canadian crunch locations to access the nutrition. An app this faulty shouldn't even be a problem for a company this big.
I joined last year you cant sign up for classes, keep up with your check ins , or your time u put in nothing. at least u can check in from my phone now i couldnt even do that at 1 st but have not fix the app in a year really. i pay my dues on time i need my app to establish my goals. thank you please.
At least I could see the class schedule on the old app this one won't even allow me to create a login fix asap please I would like to know the class schedule.
Won't let me create an account to even sign in. Very disappointing.
Cannot even create an account. App is an absolute joke.
The update does not work!  I'm unable to use it to sign in at the gym which was the whole purpose of me installing it on my phone.  The people who work the front desk have to manually sign me in for each visit!   Please fix!
Not to great.
can't link my account even after reinstalling it
Pissed off. Stupid app isnt working its the only way in the classes and you cant call. No one at crunch knows what the heck they are doing besides saying to use the app that is clearly not working.
Useless. Doesn't work.
I cant even sign up because it does not have the London Ontario location.
Font is hard to read. Load time sucks. Classes are hard to sign up for. This app truly sucks, especially for such a well known gym.
Garbage
doesnt work, cant even create an account
Not able to sign into a class, I've asked for help from the people who work at gym and they couldn't help att all. I've deleted and downloaded App 4 times. IT DOESNT WORK.
Looks better, loads faster, but has lost all records of check ins and doesn't seem to actually do anything. Makes you log in a second time to get to your account, is full of junk no one really needs (or has another/better app for already), and has a nonintuitive user interface. Would rather use my cheap plastic barcode to check in.
Can't even make it past sign on.  How on earth did someone approve something so unusable.  This is embarassing for crunch.
Can't make an account cuz it won't find my gym account.
Completely useless. Can't adjust check in, cant track actual workouts. Basically just a way to swipe into the gym without your keytag.
I attend Crunch Gym in Australia and there is no option to select a different country other then the USA.
been trying to sign up for two weeks now to be able to sign in with my phone and it keeps popping up an error
Nothing works.
Would like to give a rating, but the app won't even let me create an account. I keep getting an error message saying to try again later... Have deleted, reistalled even updated my phone. I dont know what else to do...
This app used to be ugly, sure, but at least it worked. Now it updated and won't let me in. It says "something went wrong, please try again later." I've logged in through the portal on my laptop and it works just fine, so it's definitely the app. Super irritating.
Nothing works other than signing up for classes. I really like the design and purpose for this app but it's disappointing that it doesn't actually work.
Can't login or create account because it says "can't reset password, check to see if valid email". This comes up when I try signing in or creating
Can't do anything on it but see what classes are available... not able to reserve classes doesn't even give the opinion.
Won't let me sign up
Does not work in Canada.
Won't cancel my membership and return my money. They don't call. I hate Crunch!!!!
It doesn't work to reserve some classes,very frustrating and useless
Reservation functionality doesn't work at all! Error message - "Request failed. Please try again later".
Won't let me sing up
Cant sign up for classes - please update!!
Worked once after the update. Now I can't even get to my card to check in at the gym
wont even let me make an account. staff doesn't know what to do either. garbage
Updated automatically and was not able to log in even after changing the password. Fix it.
Doesnt let me make an account.
Your app doesn't let me book gym time. "Book now" is grayed out and gives me no explanation as to why. I tried calling my gym and no one answers. I want to support your gym but im going to cancel my membership if nothing gets resolved.
The old app was working fine.  They did an update two weeks ago and it's   STILL not working.  I have done the force stop/uninstalled/reinstalled/changed passwords as they have suggested, and NOTHING!  Very annoyed right now.
Update is terrible. Can't log in after uninstalling and reinstalling.
Worthlessq
Still not able to log in.
what a waste. dose not record workouts and my check never entered. Crunch Fitness should have used the money spent on this app for more weights.
After 2 months still does not work in Canada. Facility still does not have body scanner too. :(
It won't let me create an account
won't allow me create an account
Installed the app, tried to create an account, says it can't find my account even though I am a member. Uninstalled it.
This app will not allow me to register. Why does it seems to be the case that companies have a wonderful product and their digital content is less than sub par.
Doesn't work for locations in Canada
Crunch fitness is a scam. If you got suckered into a membershio, hire a lawyer. No I cannot reach out to you on facebook as I do not have a facebook.
Unable to log in. It won't let me type my whole password on my Android phone! I can't access my membership
Could use it. Not user friendly
You cant sign in or create an account even though the info is right and is 
already set up with your gym.....created such a hassle
Just sign up to crunch .....Can't even create my own account get an Error.
Only got it so i could log onto the internet to save data. App it very difficult to start, often having to be closed and oppened multiple times, and my music often buffers on the provided internet
Listing of classes doesn't display well. Long vertical line of 1-3 letters/numbers at a time. Too hard to read. :/
Sometimes takes up to 30 seconds to load. Very frustrating when all I need it to do is show a barcode to check me in.
check ins don't work. doesn't let you reserve a class. literally tracks nothing. so pointless and a waste of space.
app crashes before it can log in. horrible.
APP won't even download. That says it all.
Not let me to create my account
Won't let me create account
The app will not let you do anything but book a class. All of the additional stuff it is suppose to let you do don't work. Please Crunch fix your app.
I attempted to log in and it would not work.  "sorry, something went wrong, please try again later"  that was the message i received.  I am a current peak member.
This app sucks. Completely useless. Im highly disappointed
Error.... please try again later.... Error... please try again later. What's the purpose of the app if I can't even create an account?? Let me know if you're looking for developers.
This app sucks, it wouldn't even let me update my personal information.
app doesn't work for half the options on it. it doesn't show my check ins.
Can't login, even with the same credentials I use online
When I first got this app in June everything worked. Then I was forced to 
upgrade it and now nothing works. I can't add workouts to my schedule like 
before, I can't add check ins, the appointments that I schedule with my 
trainer don't show up. I am truly disappointed in this app now. I 
uninstalled before to see if that would fix anything and it didn't so now I 
think I'll delete it permanently. 😟😟
wont alllow account creation.
It's awful it won't even let me register. Only reason I'm on here is so I can get onto the WiFi. So stupid.
I can't book my classes with my app which is a total inconvenience to my fitness goals
Can't log in. Useless
New app update is absolutely terrible. No access to class schedule for multiple locations.
Can't book classes after the upgrade.
Please fix the Check in function. I went to the gym 5 times last week and none showed up :( I will rate 5 star once it works properly. Till then, my motivation... It crumbles :(
Useless not set up for Canada
Your app is showing ability to book classes when they are full or not showing booking when they are open. I have missed scheduling 4 times this week due to the glitch. Please help me help you fix it.
"Were sorry something went wrong please try again later" that's what comes up when I try to register. Two separate occasions.
Can't even sign up, did barcode and everything right.....nope
Doesn't work ???
Doesn't work at all, I am here at crunch now
Rip off company. Very misleading on trying to cancel membership. Do not download
If it was possible I would give it 0 stars. You have to pay for a subscription:(
have a membership but cannot connect to my NordicTrack Commercial 1750 treadmill. This app doesn't connect to the iFit tablet on the treadmill. Bluetooth is turned on on both devices. When app cannot connect to the treadmill, all workouts cannot be accessed.
Cannot pair with my equipment since it requires Bluetooth. I have an ifit exif12 module for my elliptical. The app doest specify if the smart enabled equipment doesn't include the ifit module.
This app requires constant location data and access to all media files or it won't work. None of that is necessary on a stationary piece of equipment.
If I could give it a zero I would. Never did it mentioned that I needed a membership to activate it. Not worth it. Don't buy!!!!
Scam,,, never by training device has an iFit Bluetooth feature. You have to pay extra money to use this feature.
App keeps closing unexpectedly. This happens over and over. It's un-usable for me. Please fix asap..
IFit sucks
1 star for this company!!! Nothing works with iFit/Pro-form. The activation & Bluetooth does not work. The machine will not start. All customer service numbers keep assigning more online stuff which creates useless circles treating customers like forced slave techs to figure out whatever. Buying this treadmill is the worst decision, we are returning this hunk of junk to the store. Who is going to reimburse us for the hassle of returning this. The only part that worked was billing people???
Sucks paying for a subscription and messing up my rower
App opens initially, but when I try to open later I get a blank screen that freezes and won't open app. I keep having to uninstall and reinstall.
App crashes. Just spent a thousand on a rowing machine and the workout app won't work while I wait for the machine to arrive. I have a brand new Android ops Motorola. Not happy and nordic track might recurve a cancellation for my rowing machine. Peloton app never crashed on my phone. Too many options for a crappy app.
Lots of bugs, never connects, please fix. Ifit is NOT cheap, you should have a functioning app for your subscribers. I can't even get past the first screen.
The fact that I am required to sign up for ifit to activate my own cardio machines control panel is why you deserve 1 star.
Crashing and not syncing with online on web browser. Sucks. I'm almost ready to cancel my membership.
Must have my location to even open the app? Bulls**t, no thanks, buh-bye!
buggy interface, no search option, most frustrating experience immediately and after. extortion of money with no warning. cancelling and deleting. aweful job - owners and devs.
They ask for a credit card, then make it difficult to cancel membership. I paid $18.50. Not worth it.
Works on some devices, not all. Works on my older moto phone. On my wife's newer phone it jams when trying to enter the address.
Does not work! I keep trying to pair it with my watch and have tried multiple troubleshooting options but the app still does not work.
Joke. And misleading. Dont buy an IFIT device and think you can track your workouts without paying more money.
It is not intuitive. It is slow it will not pair with my nordictrack equipment, and nordictrack support is the worst I have ever encountered
Connecting to treadmill is a nightmare. It just does not work. What is the point. I tried all my devices, nothing works.
Not sure when I installed this but never used it and just found out I was getting $41.54 taken out of my bank account each month for 4 months. My fault for not looming closer, but never used the service once. Not worth the cost. Easier to just stream a movie while working out.
I find this app to be useless with a 14.99$/month subscription. I payed lots of money for a treadmill to use with the app but only my own custom programs so I don't have to adjust the treadmill while I'm running. I don't care to use the icoach features so I can't justify the price point. Is there no way around this??
How have you got away with terrible customer service for so long. You work with NordicTrack who manipulate buyers with marketing videos and bought reviews on link earning sites, Play store and google store, shame on you Pay attention to negative reviews of thousands and stop allowing these apps here.
I've tried to use this app with a Pro-form TDF bike as without it the bike is useless, and well this app is 100% woeful !! Its laggy and dull and provides minimal data following a workout. Trying to create a route to cycle and save it as a favourite is impossible, having to schedule it in the calendar??? really Ifit.... why can I not just pick a ride when I want to ride??!!   In addition to that this app will not communicate with Strava (massive let down) meaning every time I use it I have to manually download the workout file and re-upload it back to Strava....... what a pain.  iFIT do us a favour, take a close look at the interfaces provided by strava, zwift, Garmin connect or Wahoo - hopefully it will be clear to you that your app sucks massive!!!
This app sucks. The coach is a loser and his advice is terrible
crappy keeps crashing a few minutes in to work out
Don't work
Don't Subscribe to any free trial that automatically charges through Google pay. Easy to sign up, difficult to cancel. Scam. Shame as it could be useful if it was as easy to cancel..
I spent close to $800 on an elliptical, you would think they would provide some free content-nope. Pay a subscription or move along. Uninstalled...
Not intuitive,cannot fast forward or rewind during a workout, cannot even easily stop workout. This is a bummer based on what I paid.
simply impossible to get connected it only got 1 star as it would not allow a lower score
Doesn't sync with equipment
In today's world there should be consistency across all available platforms. The IFit app, website, and machine platforms all have different workouts and capabilities. Awful user experience. I should be able to use the website or app to view all workouts including the speed and incline profile for that workout that will be available on my machine. Guess all my membership money is being spent on location to make the videos and not provide decent tech support.
This app is not great. I don't know where to view workouts completed on treadmill, it doesn't seem to be easy to navigate. The machine info it has it not accurate. Not really sure what to do with this app if I cannot track my progress from the workouts on the treadmill. Can't even see your dashboard?
The app sucks it won't let me use it.
activate your.... nothing else. apparently I have a $700 doorstop. i can't even get my machine activated.
Membership, really?
Too demanding, you do not need access to my folders, you're a workout app
Habe to pay to use it
Since the app has been updated it no longer connects to my Incline trainer.
Crashed repeatedly, did not recognize my login/pwd to sign in. Very disappointed, as the treadmill screen is not moveable I wanted to use this for the meditation programs.
Terrible. Will not sync
Not very user friendly, please implement chromecast/TV cast option, also u should design and implement a questionnaire so the app can provide me a customized plan, if I pick a workout series I need to remember myself which series I was on and which workout is next, keeps crashing, cannot fast forward a workout after app crashed in the middle of a workout, now I'm unable to use it. I'm really disappointed because I'm paying money for a subscription.
Horrible app!! It crashes all the time. It also also crashes my phone and tablet. And please add more live classes with a leaderboard like Peloton and make it more user-friendly. Just do better overall.
The app routinely fails to load and doesn't sync workout activity with any other fitness tracker I use (Google fit, my fitness pal, or health mate).
Simply crashes every time I start a workout. Really had hoped to be able to do the consistency challenge while on vacation.
App sucks, wont even get past weight
I bought a treadmill and was forced to install this app just to turn it on, which requires entering a credit card number. That should be an optional feature, not mandatory to turn on the treadmill. My husband had to end the membership once we got the treadmill on which would have cost us 180 dollars. What an awful idea someone came up with!
Cant get this app to work with my Freestride FS7i.
Garbage. Worthless
Not able to create an account !!! I tried signing up with Facebook or by email and App keeps crashing
RIP OFF. I received a ifit membership with a purchase of equipment which came with an ifit band that did not work. My husband also purchased a membership and didn't receive his ifit band and could never log in the app. We called customer service multiple times to cancel his membership and no one ever answers. Waist of money.
Why the hell would you lock the treadmill until you connect it to the app? Stupid.
the only reason this gets downloaded is because they force you to register with this app before being able to use treadmills from multiple brands. one of the worst business practices I've seen in awhile.
I would rate the quality of the app if it would open. I touch the app and I get a blank white screen and then my phone freezes. In the 30 or so times I have attempted to open the app, it only worked one time. My only option to access iFit services is to login through the website on my laptop. Fix this app!
Required to download garbage to unlock my treadmill. This includes giving my credit card number or I'll have ended up buying a several hundred dollar treadmill that I can't use. Garbage garbage garbage. I will make sure to never fall into this trap again. Don't buy Nordictrack
I have a Nordictrack rower. the app is mediocre, and the workout tracker (split, time, distance) is basic. for some reason it shows progress as laps on a circular 500m track as though I'm running. My gripe is that I can't use the workout tracker without paying $20/mo for the "coaching" app. if I could use the workout tracker for the machine that I paid $2000 for, without paying an additional 20/mo, I'd be happy. Don't try to squeeze customers for money, that's why people already hate EA.
HAVE TO PAY TO USE???? WHY? I SHOULD BE ABLE TO DO MANUAL WORKOUT WITH THE APP WITHOUT HAVING A SUBSCRIPTION!!! HORRIBLE!
unfortunately they need permission to sruff on your phone thry don't need. no thanks.
It sucks!
Sucks. How do I get started?
Not a great app, very difficult to find workouts. Cannot search for workouts by name. I added a series of cycling workouts that I would like to try sometime and it added all of them to my calendar! Had to go through my calendar and remove them individually. Very hard to scroll through workouts on the bike. Takes too much time to find a workout. Ifit really needs to improve their app to make it more user friendly.
so damn bad app. can't run at gym. high price
Doesn't work with my ifit branded machine.
When I login it just goes back to the joining screen after I linked my treadmill and the start video. So can't use this at all.
Horrible Company. Keep auto billing long after you stop the service. Will NOT issue a refund. Do Not signup for their free trial.
Asking more money per month than my gym membership
This app sucks..literally froze my treadmill . When I got hold of someone to talk to after troubleshooting with them they tried to talk me into buying another board. My machine was running fine until I downloaded the app and it started updating my board. Now I have a machine that doesn't work
Bought a new ProForm Elliptical and can't get this app to sync. Disappointing.
Why do I need a app to activate a treadmill, just another example of how a 'smart' device is uselessly connected
I am sure the idea of this app is great. However it does not work at all. Constantly crashes. And this app costs over a 100 euro for a years subscription, pure robbery for an app that doesn't work.
Look is appealing. That is about it. Good luck searching workouts, finding friends, setting the calendar. It is a no thought trainwreck. It needs even basic features that other apps have. I do not see my stats in the app. I cannot edit my schedule. I cannot search for workouts by name. Match functionality with the website. Launching workouts on my phone some work, some direct me to the coach app which does not exist!! Coach app redirect still not fixed.
Constantly crashes, and loses your workout. And when it crashes Mid work out even the machine you're syced to looses your work out and starts over
Bluetooth pairing not working
Only downloaded so I could activate my treadmill. Being forced to download a terrible app and hand over my credit card info is total bullsh*t. If I had known about this, I would never have purchased.
Won't open on my tablet
Would not connect to my Nordic track T7.0 . So I could not try the app . All so notice that they do not seem follow or repute any of the review?.Is this a reflection on the product being sold using this app ?.
Have to have a paying subscription to access. Appalled.
As soon as I attempted to sync the app with my machine the display no longer lights up and the fan won't turn off when I plug the machine to power.
I'm disappointed with itFit apps.They don't syc with Myfitnesspal, Polar heart rate monitors, Google Fit , Health Mate apps.
Horrendous app, constantly switching orientation even though I don't have auto-rotate on. Don't know how you can charge people a subscription when this app is so terrible.
I got a 1 year membership with my equipment purchase. I've entered the code in my online account. The App, however, will not acknowledge my account as having the 1 year membership. It keeps telling me to sign up and wants me to pay for the membership.
I can't even get the app to load after first time sad I was excited got one workout in and can't get app to open . Have to Uninstall then install again everytime I use app smh
the app will not open
this app is trash. hardly ever opens
app will not open.
Like other have said this app doesn't feel done. You can't filter workouts. If you have a slower internet connection don't bother. You can't download workouts or controll the playback quality. For me I get the buffering screen constantly. This makes working out with this app almost impossible.
Get the calender sorted. It hasn't worked for months. No matter what you suggest. It is an app issue..
I don't like to be coerced to install an app just to activate the equipment Why do I need to give you my location Why do you need to view images You suck
Every time I open the app, it stops right after i hit the start button and the screen freezes white. ..
Literally force closes every single time I open it. Don't even have to try to take a class of pair to my bike. It just closes on its own
when I try to follow the workouts the machine speeds up when it should be slowing down! as it inclines it speeds up but says it is slowing down! Idk if it is the machine or the app
Terrible. Font doesn't auto-size to their pics...waste of 20 mins.
I do not want the app to access my devices location all the time!!!! It will not let me proceed Because of this!???
Not sure if there's a problem with my machine or the app but I find the resistance levels set by trainers to be ridiculously low. (I'm not in great shape.) More significantly, resistance changes don't coincide with stated resistance changes by trainers in the videos. Neither would be deal breakers but, because there's no baseline set in terms of overall intensity, heart rate, or wattage you can't compensate and adjust. I have a ProForm bike so I have this app, but would not recommend.
I just bought a brand new bluetooth proform 600i treadmill to use iFit videos so that my runs aren't so boring. After pairing it with the iFit Bluetooth app it prompted me to install this app. When starting the app, it keeps telling me it needs an update, but when I try to update the machine, it seems to drop the Bluetooth connection and the update fails. I can use the Bluetooth app to control the machine for workouts, but can't watch videos of the scenic places, only slideshow pictures. I bought this treadmill and purchased an iFit membership to be able to run on scenic trails! Help please!
I'm able to log into my iFit account and see all past and scheduled workouts for my NordicTrack S22i but pretty useless if I can't sync with the machine. Tried getting on chat support with iFit and NordicTrack and I just get forwarded to the same Bluetooth syncing article that is in itself useless. I just want to see if I can get all of my metrics they don't show at the end of the workout ie max watt, max "speed", etc. Also, can't sync the machine with a HRM but that's not iFit's app issue.
Free trial worked great, no issues... as soon as I started paying for it... programs won't load. Very frustrating! Terrible!
Trash app that wont let youdoa thing unless you pay $15 a month. Yea no, I'll pass.
HOW DO I GET PERMISSION?????? PLEASE,THANK YOU
Makes u biy equipment then u have to pay for a memeber ship ya no
So I spent all the money on the machine. Excited it had an app to pair it to so I could just keep track. Only to find out this app wants a monthly subscription, as a pricey one at that! I don't mind paying for the video workout programs but it should for free, let me upload my basic activity on the machine!! What's with the Planet Fitness login option??? Still have to purchase full subscription here.... Thought there was a partnership! Sorry but not impressed with your misleading gouging.
The app requires a subscription in order to use it's features. You can't even access any of the treadmill's smart features. Offer a subscription to access training videos. That's completely acceptable. But to lock everything else down too? That's ridiculous.
What a crock that you have to download this app to activate your equipment that you already paid hundreds of dollars for. So help me God if I actually get a bill from this after buying this treadmill I will blow my top.
Useless keeps telling me my google chrome is outdated but it is NOT, Google play says its the latest version, even uninstalling it and reinstalling, the ifit app still says chrome is outdated, and, I'm not going to dump my tablet and keep buying new ones just to see which one the ifit app accepts.
Will not play workouts on my new moto g power. App crashes every time that I attempt to start a video workout. Completely useless. Can't believe this is what I get for my $500 per year for an ifit membership. Will be cancelling my membership later today :(
Why would they need permission to my files pictures and videos? No access to the app if you deny
Kudos. It used to crash on the first screen. Now it goes to the second screen and hangs when you put in an e-mail.
• NordicTrack GX2.7U bike doesn't work well with it. Suggested resistance/cadence is too difficult, even on beginner workouts. Yet others say its too easy. Programming issue? • Poor user experience because of bad route planning and camera footage. Workouts in beautiful locations but routes taken are boring. Plus camera focused on trainer instead of scenic views. No information about the locations. • UI needs search option to filter bike only content, arrange by time/distance/intensity etc.
Pure garbage, Great first and second workout. Refuses to show next in series. I should have steered clear of the treadmill I bougt but was talked into it. Salesman talked up this app to be the best thing about it. Too bad it doesn't work.
Won't make it past firmware update
Complete rip off, monthly subscription to use this app. I will not support your scam.
Can't get through a workout without buffering. Very slow to load Terrible app
I have already canceled my subscription.
Stuck on weight right at the beginning and can't get in the app
I couldn't get this to connect to my ProForm treadmill no matter what I tried.
Machine does no activate az ND no help available. Wasted my money on the bike. Now have been lured into giving my credit card. NIGHTMARE!!!
This app sucks! It says there is a connection error and I have to make sure my bluetooth is on. Interesting since I'm playing music via bluetooth through the treadmill speakers. Garbage!
Terrible app and fitness tool. Do not waste your money!
can't get it to sync or open or work. I bought the treadmill specifically to work with this app. pissed. you can't get anyone to answer the phone. no help what so ever.
This app really sucks and i see now why it was free. It cuts out in the middle of workouts. I won't be extending any thing.
No Ability to Search Workouts is Crazy. I just spent 10 minutes looking for the Iceland hike I wanted. That should have taken 2 seconds.
App is extremely slow to launch. Sometimes it hangs and never launches. It is hard to believe that people would pay a monthly subscription for a app that works so poorly. I wish this was usable
Its linked to my Facebook but doesnt let me signin. 🙄
Good things: The concept, the video workouts are really nice and the resistance sync with my machine works perfect. Bad things: The app and the web, all that beautiful concept gets smashed to pieces because the app is really frustrating. Huge library with very limited options to search, like you are unable to search for a keyword. Results of your workouts are only displayed on web, not in the app, and the sync between app and web is horrible. Also the results in the web compared to any other sport tracking (like endomondo, garmin, just name any) are really poor. They really need to burn everything and hire a usability team
have to give away all my personal information just to use the product I already bought. also automatically enrolled in a 15 dollar a month planned billed yearly and then to cancel you have to call them during specific times. will never buy anything attached to Ifit again.
Awful setup and load times, continues to crash
This app wont go past a screen that says " Activate your Machine" Well i paid for the ifit membership and it instructed me to download this worthless app. All to be able to use an elliptical pro form machine that cost like $800! Excuse me but something needs to be done to make this machine work or Im reporting everyone involved in this scam to the BBB.
The app crashes right after the logo comes up and it tries to access the internet. Latest updates don't fix the problem. HTC 10, Android 8.0.0.
Not working. Site doesn't support Android tablet even though it says 5.1 or higher. Very disappointed.
No integration with Google Fit. 100% fail.
Horrible app and machine. Do not waste your money or time!
Terrible, ifit keeps your machines electronics locked up until you give them credit card information. That's disgusting!
only works if you pay again after buying the equipment. false advertising.
Extremely bad company trying to fool customers out of their money. You shouldn't need to install this to use equipment you own, and you don't but they intentionally make it very difficult and mislead you into thinking you need this app. You can't even use the most basic features of the app like stats tracking without paying. Someone needs to hack this Bluetooth API and teach this company a lesson. They also probably have thousands of peoples credit cards in an insecure database.
Couldn't make it past the login screen. I tried using Facebook to login and just making an account right there through the app, but it's too buggy and not worth my time.
This app barely ever works. It has to buffer videos as your working out so you constantly have to wait for it to buffer. Don't waste your money!
So far, I do not think of anything positive to say about the product I purchased or this iFit app. After registering product I attempted to activate my new Weslo Cadense 5.9i treadmill, and haven't had any luck, even after several hours of trying. My advise...don't purchase either!
What a disappointing app. Where is the Google Fit integration? This should be a 'no brainer'... but given that iFit wants a ridculous monthly fee, looks like its yet another cashgrab for little return. Nothing about this justifies the price; and apparently I have to pay even if all I want to do is create and track my own workouts? What a joke. Also, your T.o.S. and legal boilerplate are copied straight from your iOS app... no, i'll get my refund from Google, not iTunes! Lazy & sloppy.
Won't load workouts
Do NOT download or connect this app with your machine. Will basically take over control and company does not want to release your machine without payment. Helpdesk is a joke..waiting now for more than 2 week for some serious response. They just make fun of you
been using the app and it's still refuses to pair
I just recently purchased a Nordictrack s22i and this bike seems like a great piece of equipment. I use many pieces of electronic equipment and have for years. I have been methodical and read all instructions carefully, watched numerous youtube videos about Nordictracks equipment. I paid a premium price for what seems to be a great studio bike. I cannot access the calendar without being prompted to buy a membership. I purchased two additional years. I have messaged customer support - NO RESPONSE
The app won't even open... It always freeze my phone.
I have been trying to download this app and activate my trademill and either will do
Ridiculous that need to sign up to activate a new treadmill. Then activation doesn't work. Then they do not answer phone. Do not buy a device that requires this app. Do not use this app it is ripoff.
Slow, not intuitive.
Terrible
Total disappointment. I paired the app to my elliptical and the app says I have a treadmill. Many of the workouts I am shown have incline ranges way outside what my elliptical can do.
Way too many permissions required to install. Most of which did not seem to have any purpose other than data mining my personal information. Very disappointing since I bought exercise equipment that required iFit to even activate the display.
Your login feature through Facebook is broken. Trying to create an account is also broken, form never really submits. Can't use app.
I was hoping to be able to program my own runs into the app. But that's not possible. Which makes the app a waste of money.
Pointless. Requires subscription to use. I thought this would let me tracks my usage statistics with a smartphone, but it's just a glorified virtual coach system (not really meant for smart device integrations). I actually owned and used this treadmill for over 3 years before syncing it up and downloading the app. Wasted 15 minutes I could have spent running. Offer the coaching stuff, but don't make the app unusable without it. Support with ads, and let us track usage or control device remote
Workouts great, lots of videos. Problems with app. Buggy freezes calendar sucks menus won't load and have to restart app. Would like to set video quality.. concept is great if the app wasnt terrible. And reading through comments and ratings, developer doesn't reply. Or comment which is disappointing
I subscribe to the service and like it. Overall ifit struggles on the technical bits like calendar management and ui issues. However, this app won't even open without out allowing location data. Your company doesn't need my location for me to try to pick my workout for this evening. App immediately uninstalled.
Dodgy
all it does is crash. not worth it
El sistema te obliga a inscribirte con la membresia , te esconde que no necesitas poner tu tarheta de credito esto es una trampa y la aplicacion tiene problemas para conectarse es una mentira.
Does not connect. Fails at firmware update.
Crappiest app. Slow, unresponsive.
just doesn't work
Each time I try to open a course with a couch for the treadmill the app crashes
needs a programmer that actually can make it work. app constantly stops working. support tips are useless.
I'm forced to use this app as the Proform machine I bought can be unlocked only if I log into this app. It's a FRAUD! Shame on you iFit!
My new Galaxy tab will not pair with equipment AND they want access to my files. This is my first and now last experience with iFit. What makes it worse is that my Nordic track does not do much without it, something I was not aware of when I purchased it. I will be returming my Nordic Track machine.
Billed me when I wasn't using it. Could not activate my elliptical without iFit. Total rip off.
This is bloatware software you're forced to install just to activate an exercise device (which you've already paid for). They just want to collect payment and other personal data.
I just want to listen to music while I exercise on the elliptical I purchased...
Requires payment for a fitness coach. You should build a free version that syncs with Google fit or Fitbit, etc and upsell people to that coach nonsense
Didn't like. It was boring and worked inconsistently. I cancelled my subscription, but they keep charging my account, which I didn't even give them as to. They keep charging my old Apple account, even though I'm using an Android. I'm not happy!
Doesn't work.
Have to pay just to use my equipment and Bluetooth. Can't connect external devices.
I bought a $2250 NordicTrack bike assuming the quality standard of both hard and software would be high. Naive, I know. This app crashes CONSTANTLY, right in the middle or close to the end of a workout. You'd think that in such a tightly controlled software environment (the tablet runs on a locked down version of Android) stability would be rock solid. Think again. I'm extremely disappointed and am considering returning the bike while I still can. How they have the audacity to charge a $15-$33 /mo subscription for this trainwreck is beyond me.
Why do you need my location?
Please DO NOT GET THIS APP FOR ONE MONTH FREE TRIAL. They are charging you for ever and you NEVER can stop your subscription. They are taking advantage of customers and STEALING YOUR MONEY. Now I am paying $19.99 per month since January 2020 and whatever I called Google Play and iFit, none of them answer me properly. They shoot me like a ball to one another. NO SUCCESS.
Needed it to unlock a treadmill, then I did not want the trial membership. It hijacks your phone and starts to give you ads!!!! I hate that all the good treadmills require this
I just purchased an elliptical from ProForm and I have to join your service in order to activate the display!! Hideous isn't a big enough word. I never agreed to tie my purchase to your service!!
app does not load any of the Google maps
Do not work
Doesn't connect to my ifit device. Doesn't alllow manual workouts. Unclear what the purpose of this app is...and honestly, unclear what the purpose of ifit is.
Worthless, thought it could let me track my running sessions on my treadmill. It does not do anything without subscription and won't sync my session with my treadmill. Doubt it would even if I did pay.
Connected my proform bike to it but cannot do anything with the app unless I pay a monthly membership of 15 bucks. Heck, is cheaper to get a gym membership. What a waste. All I wanted was to track my time and calories burn on the bike
I was charged immediately 14.99 even though I bought the bike from Costco with the pretense that we were going to receive a 6 month free trial. After 3 days of working with iFit support they never refunded me the initial charge. they kept playing dumb and telling me that they would give a trial on various emails but never acknowledging that they charged me $14.99. I feel like this is almost a phishing scam they're going to get as many people to buy this product for a 6-month and take $14.99
App is slow, hangs and has a horrible search capability
I hate that it doesn't have a search function. I can't find and workouts for my ifit-compatible machine.
Extortion and a paid subscription. Very difficult to find cancellation option. Credit card required name of firstborn required.
This is an awful experience from start to.. finish? I couldn't pair the equipment, it only let my wife redeem a code we had, and the website said it exposed my password / data breach!! How much worse could this get?
I am not able to use this. I have a subscription but it says it is not the right membership to use my treadmill when I bought a year subscription from the company it still says I need a coach membership but have one... this is the worst app that has taken over workout equipment programs. I have reached out to customer service 5 times, three times in emails and twice calling. They were training customer service to better serve customers for an hour and a half twice. I've have heard nothing back.
Still being charged even though I canceled.
I am extremely confused by this app. I spent $2k on the s22i bike. There does not seem to be a way to simply search or even filter by bicycle workouts. I just have to browse through random exersizes with equipment I don't even use until I find something that happens to be a bike workout. Using ifit on the actual machine is incredibly slow. No quality instructionals that could show us how to use the app. Maybe there is a secret method of navigating that the pros can show us.
ifit-perdonal valo app. Hmm
I have set up automatic pay for the monthly package and was billed 3 days ago and it will not log me in saying I need to log in and start a new trial. I have been a member since and been paying since January. Also never logs any of my workouts when completed.
Big Scam!!!! Avoid like covid19!!!! Bought a treadmill. Can't use it unless you sign up for ifit. Treadmill is already $800 now have to pay $15 a month to use it. Planet Fitness is only $10! Set up membership anyway. Then you have to download app and try to figure out how to register treadmill so it works. Customer Service number is just a recording to go to the ridiculous scam of a confusing website. It's a scam to get $15 a month. App is free but deceptive and worthless.
cant even connect my phone to my treadmill. it keeps saying turn bluetooth on. how do I connect through this app?
This cannot be used unless you give them full access to your photos, loction and just way too much personal information completely unnecessary to walk on a treadmill. I am a boring person, but what I do is no ones business.
Treadmill Bluetooth says it requires this app. This app requires an account.. why? It is a treadmill. I run on it. Use of speakers is not worth the impending spam from registering for an account.
Got free trial with treadmill. Not worth it. - - Endless freezes, useless search, poor connection to treadmill, non-loading videos, & other irritations make the app unusable. - - Add those to the fact that each problem means STOPPING MY WORKOUT, and the app/service is simply unacceptable. I want to use this to streamline my exersise time, not deal with app bugs. - - Also, app doesn't work AT ALL w/my old android tablet, which is stupid. - - Nobody buys cutting-edge tech to run a treadmill.
not good
This is indeed the worst app. It just freezes and open very very slowly. I WILL BE CANCELING NOW SO I BEST NOT SEE ANY CHARGES
useless pathetic app, good way to loot money from people.
Useless app that cannot work with my NordicTrack Commercial X11i. I dont understand the point this app at all. Why can't ifit take some of the money they get and make this work through wifi? I can't get support to respond as to what machine the app does work with either. I also can't use this app when I am away from my machine. So what can it do?
The app kept crashing everytime i went into it.
Don't buy a nordictrack machine. Their customer support is horrible and the Ifit support is even worse. I'm not sure how their business model makes money... They treat customers like garbage.
Really poor app. Not at all intuitive to use this app on the tablet that came with my Nordic track RW500. Year free subscription but very challenging to activate and even more challenging to use!
app keeps stopping!! !!
RIP off! they should make it so you can use the app atleast without paying & then if you want to use the trainers then you have to pay. I dont want the trainers but I'd still like to use the app which the machine is basically useless now & of course they don't tell you that part.
They charge you when you don't even want it.
Won't find or sync to X32i and X32i doesn't allow searching of workouts, it's so slow to browse can't find desired workouts.
It simply does not work. I can't get it to see my 920 E machine. $100 Fitbit watch connect to all my devices. $1000 machine can't be seen by their own app.
I enjoy iFit on my treadmill, but this app is utter garbage. Nearly impossible to find a specific trainer or type of workout. Nothing linked. No additional information on workouts. I'm happy on my free year of iFit. If I was paying ~$500 for this I'd get a refund.
This app is always freezing and have no access to ifit leaderboard.
App works about 75% of the time. Thankfully I'm on a free trial. Would never pay for the IFit program. Takes longer to set up than it does to to workout.
I can't connect my ifit means. Black watch It's says error everytime
Sucks, December 27, 2019 and won't even work on my Android phone. The app automatically rotates the moment you open it, making it impossible to sign in...cannot go past the initial "Activation" screen. Unusable. Very disappointed. Todd Annapolis, MD
Ever since I got the app it has never worked for me. Always white screen when i tap on the app
Working fine until latest update. Now when I try to start a workout the app crashes.
App sucks.
This app needs a major overhaul. It is full of bugs, from logging in to when you're in the middle of a workout. The videos of the instructors normally freeze or play wrong. Whether I'm on WiFi or data. Very annoying. For the price you pay for your subscription to iFit, this app needs to be way better.
I would prefer to see the scenery, not a person in the scenery while using the biking or running routes.
Don't get in Android. It's poorly built and doesn't seem to even be built for mobile use. Seriously, don't get it.
No voice volume after update! Screen compatibility broken with Android tablet. Doesn't even work with Samsung s10+. Very disappointing that i can't use this app any longer.
Came with a NordicTrack; app won't show me workouts intended for the equipment running the app. Opened a ticket, received intentionally unhelpful response. Used machine for 30 minutes, app refused to track workout claiming "workouts under 26 feet will not be saved". Tracked same workout separately with Google Fit - 2941 steps, iFit doesn't think I went 26 feet. USELESS - don't waste your money or effort.
useless
Won't connect to my treadmill. I can play music via bluetooth through my treadmill but this app says it can't connect via bluetooth.??? Update 1/24/2020: iFit says this app is not compatible with my Nordictrack treadmill.
Older version at least worked
RIP off
At least some people can make it past where it makes you link up with your machine. Mine keeps saying it can't sync, even when both are trying to find each other on bluetooth. Sigh.
Horrible
App crashes
No liking how this is pay only.
I was charged for what was supposed to be a trial. When I called he was rude and not helpful at all. The spin videos are horrible and cheesy
What's the point? Doesn't interface withe the machine unless you buy an expensive(!) workout subscription service. No reason to do that with all the less expensive or even free stuff out there. I'd pay something for the app if it interfaced with my trainer to view stats but there is zero functionality without the workout subscription.
They WILL NOT stop emailing me. I have unsubbed several times, and contacted customer support (who ignored me). I even blocked their email but they send all their spam from different URLs. Absolutely disgusting practices and illegal. DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR PERSONAL INFO
20.11.20 - Useless! App did an update now continually disconnects from device. Always get a 'something went wrong ' notification & workout history has been wiped & doesn't record session info. I've cancelled my subscription, will use manual & inbuilt programming.
Trying to activate a machine with this garbage app. App is auto-rotating my screen so I can't click the activate button, even with auto-rotate disabled on my phone.
Useless . Why pay for it . Uninstalling now .
Great idea, Horrible implementation. I bought an Android tablet with Android 7, an 8 core CPU, 4GB RAM, and 64GB storage, dedicated to use with iFit. I have the latest ver of iFit and Web View. I have a Pro-Form 945 ce Ellip. The App runs very slow. When I turn everything on, start an exercise with a trainer, and end the warm up, it goes straight to "manual". Then I have to back out and start all over from the home screen. when it finally starts the routine, the video is very choppy. please fix!
I canceled the membership 2 weeks before the due date and was still charged. I contacted support and they stated they could not find an account in my name. I sent screen shots and the support rep stated I would have to adjust my subscription through Google play. There is not an option for this.
Good grief. The app stops working repeatedly. Can't stay connected. For sure, the worst of some 100 apps I have ever used. I'm shutting it down. This app technology is not new. The company/ developers should know better than to release such a worthless product.
Piece of junk, I wish I could give it 0 stars. Couldn't connect with my Nordictrack Grand Tour, the troubleshooting it's another joke.
doesnt connect to my ifit bike. uninstalled and install again. Also disconnect the bluetooth and then connect again but still doesn't work through the app.
Utter rubbish. I cant get my NordicTrack ellliptical to pair with ANY device, that's four other devices that all have working bluetooth connections. Support is appalling
Pay not shown until account is created. Scam.
Doesn't work at all! Using on Moto G7 and it opens to a page that flips horizontally and says activate device. Literally does nothing else. There is nothing to press. I have an account with iFit and activated my equipment manually. App is 100% non-functional. Android is a pretty popular OS that you'd think they'd want to be fully compatible with. I wish there were 0 stars!
Doesn't work with several devices... White screen, never fully loads just after connecting with Bluetooth
Okay, first and foremost, the application worked to activate my equipment, so that's worth 1 star. However, the application "will not work" without use of GPS and other permissions. This is not true, any application, developed correctly, can and should function as the user sees fit (see what I did there?). I do not want unnecessary privileges being granted, so I have now uninstalled the application and the machine still appears to be working.
This is $14.99 per month after the 30 day trial. You do not find this out until after you have to give them your email, full name and DOB, and created a login, which they obviously have to have to charge you. This should be on the first page explaining terms and conditions before you even download it. Also it's 171MB so check your data and memory before attempting. Not impressed.
just bad
Maybe it's me, but the inability to skip the warm up is irritating. I don't always need a 10 minute warm-up before my workout. Also, add a description of the exercises that will be done during a workout. I don't like having to guess if a particular workout is what I'm looking for.
The requirement to be connected to an iFit machine (at sign-in) is preposterous. If I can login on the website and view programs, my schedule, etc. it should also be that simple on the app. —Android User
hahaha 14.99 per month....delete! There are other better apps that can be used that are free. Seems like proform didn't get the message of how to make money in a nice way that works for the end customer. free app with some features, but some paid for advanced features...you would attract customers to the advanced features by giving them a good experience with the basic features. This model is like a nightclub that doesnt let you in the door. i dont know what im missing so dont really care...
bought a machine not paying for a virtual coach lol
Crashes immediately
calculation of Kcal burnt is stupidely low...
Charged for subscription even after canceling.
Rotates to landscape for no reason and the button to activate the thing is off screen. Idiotic design.
I loaded the app and can not even sign in because the app does not scale to screen. I also want to use it with my Nordictrack rower and there is no rower under the equipment choice. What am I missing? The app can't be this bad (I am using Android.)
I can't even sign up through ifit due to the app not able to load past entering my email. It also won't let me view the app vertically on my phone, it's stuck horizontal
Forcing me to give you my credit card info and download an app before I can use the rower I ALREADY PAID FOR. That is some serious BS and I will not recommend this product to anyone. It says outing in my card I fo is optional, but then doesn't allow me to build an account without it. THAT'S NOT OPTIONAL. There's no way I'm the first person to be pissed off about this which means you just don't care. I'll never buy or recommend Nordic Track again.
I was forced to download the app with a machine i purchased. No where on the box did it say the bike was locked until activated.
the app crashes as soon it connects to my proform 80 csx
Worked at first but then kicked me out. Now can't log in because it won't let me push login screen
SCAM
They Keep charging you after cancellation!! Whatever you do, do not continue the subscription. Every month i cancel and they are still taking the money out of my account. Horrible!
Downloaded to sync to my Gold's Gym elliptical and all the app did was require an account and payment.. Thanks, but no thanks, I'll manually log my workouts.
Half of the video workouts won't load. My account inserted some generic info by default for a type of elliptical machine that is not mine and won't let me change the info to that of my actual machine. I can't get a hold of someone in support. The machine is not showing up in any device's bluetooth scan, and it will not pair with any device (I've tried 4). We paid $1500 for this machine AND we subscribed to Ifit service!
It doesnt say that it's a paid membership when you purchase the equipment, and it's difficult to return because the item is so large If you either havent received your equipment or havent purchase dit yet,cancel it/dont get it unless you want to spend an extra $15 bucks a month
I have an ifit classic watch, but cant seem to find an app that works with it that doesnt involve paying for a membership. Just another watch really. I dont want to pay for a membership just to be able to connect to my watch.
will not connect to machine and customer services is horrible
If I could give this ZERO stars i would. The app will not connect to my bluetooth and the suggestions the app gives to troubleshoot this issue don't make sense. For example it says to try to press the ifit button on the machine when the machine doesn't have an ifit button. Pretty sucky.
Buggy with poor browsing options. You can't search by connected equipment. (But you can search by secondary equipment? What an odd choice.) And this REALLY needs more HIIT options especially for the rowing machine. Also buggy when connecting to equipment. Overall a bad app. Between all these issues, it will often take me longer to get an exercise set up than a workout will take. I probably won't use it much any more despite having paid for the membership in advance. Yes, it's that bad.
Do you know you app will auto rotate in android10? Return the rowing machine to Walmart.
garbage. cant even get app to connect to treadmill through bluetooth. phone itself has no issue connecting for audio to treadmill. using 2019 commercial 1750. still trash. ifit app still doesnt connect to treadmill.
essentially spam. Long unspeakable video requiring membership.
Cancelled my subscription but ifit continue to take £12.99 per month with no obvious way to stop it. Zero customer service. Beware!
Junk! Can't get passed entering my address. Why is it in landscape mode? This is app is the perfect example of an engineer making functional user choices because it's easier to program. Innovation happens when you step out of your small mind and put yourself in the users shoes.
Doesn't tell you that you have to have a paid account before you can even look at what the app does.
I cant even connect my bloody watch
as soon as app connects to treadmill, it crashes. cant activate device or use any features. not a great experience. Update 02/16/19: Dev says stability and bug fixes have been made since my review... this is false. The newest revision of this app is dated for January, which is the version my review is based on. This is developer gasslighting and a public attempt to save face if I've ever seen it. Same issues still persist.
Crashes at a white screen like everyone else. Actually bought a tablet with the reason of using this app. What a horrible experience
YOU CAN UNLOCK YOUR EQUIPMENT!! Check out youtube. You don't need this app to use your equipment. This company is scamming people. They take your money after you've cancelled your memebership.
Totally frustrating. Got in first time, thereafter everything seems to either just hang or error messages. Deleted app to avoid any further agitation.
Didn't allow me to cancel my account or refund my money so they took me for 17.00 dollars and my husband for I believe it was 190 for the yr after the yr we will cancel if I dont get a refund if its fixed ill update my review!!!!
I have tried several times to add secondary users and the email invite never goes through.
SCAM. I've tried multiple times through app store as well as logging in on my PC to cancel membership and have even received confirmation yet the next month I'm billed again. What a joke! Stay far away from this app
POS! Impossible to pair with bluetooth
Downloaded the app for android, paired with my treadmill, and the app immediately stopped working. Retried several times, app repeatedly crashed. Uninstalled and reinstalled, same result. Has now crashed 15 times. Have not once been able to actually use it. Garbage.
I'm dumbfounded. How is this considered a product ready for people to use. Not this app itself, but the whole service. I absolutely love the idea of 16,000 workouts to choose from to execute on my treadmill. However, like others said, you can't search? I can only choose from the small random list they select for me? WHAT THE ****. It's basically worthless. Note: with a search function I'd rate the service a 4, with all my suggestions (ticket 273916, although they closed with no contact), a 5.
It's a scam. Bought the bike at Costco, not only don't they have customer service that actually responds, they also don't allow you to add people to your family subscription. They make their money from an app subscription that costs more than a gym membership per month, and honestly, kinda disappointing.
App really isn't useful. The fact that I can't even check my workout stats through the app is ridiculous.
unable to get it working with my bike
I bought the exercise bike not knowing I would have to subscribe to get the darn thing to turn on. So I subscribed and cancelled the very next day so I could use the bike. They've since then for the last 2 months in a row continue to charge my card and I have to call them and ask for the refund. They've said that they would take my card out so it would stop charging but apparently that hasn't happened. What a con. I'm glad I watch my bank account closely; frustrated I keep having to call them.
I have tried numerous times on both my smart phone and iPad to connect this app to my elliptical. Really disappointing.
terrible
At least the Treadmill is updated. Hopefully some Improvements but no way I'll be paying for some membership that I wouldn't even use. Would've been great If the app shown a workout summary free of charge.
First of all, I paid for the proform exercise bike I paid for a tablet to download the iFit app and they want to charge you $15 a month just to use the app are you f------ing kidding me. Talk about a major rip off.
hard to get to work
No. What a huge pain. You can't simply just buy an excercise machine, you must have an account. I don't care if it comes with a year free, I want to just work out in the morning without all the hassle. F this S. Don't do it. What a big brother approach to fitness. I shouldn't have to pay monthly to use a machine I BOUGHT. Also, completely, entirely, 100% USELESS customer service. F all of you designers and company leaders. Awful. Horrible. Don't do it. Go outside and run.
I have no idea why you guys charged me a fee for a subscription I canceled thru ifit like it told me too. Then I find out you guys took money out for a subscription I canceled. I would like this taken off now. I do not want to continue with you all taking money out of my account. Please fix that. Be aware people they will charge you even if you go to the actual ifit account and cancel like you are told too. Had to have someone else from ifit tell me I had to come to Google to cancel. That's bs.
Simply doesn't work. Set up an account, joined, paired with device... then get returned to a page asking me to join. Repeated twice, same outcome. Utterly unusable. Uninstalled, subscription cancelled. Try testing your apps properly next time.
Expensive
I can't because I installed it but it keeps crashing won't even open
This app does not work at all.
Should have an option to track progress at no cost 🥺
Once I denied their access to my gallery, files, location, contacts, I couldn't even open the app. Why would you wanna have access to those?! Those are private! I wanted to download the app to see if I can organize my workouts so I don't have to scroll through all of it and pick what I want, but not worth it. Edit: For about 2 months I can't do a software update, and now for days it's not even loading the workouts. Customer service sucks. All they say is they'll get back to you, but they don't!
can't use it without allowing it to know your location
Just bought a brand new in box ifit Vue tracking band (watch) at Menards today, 8/9/20, and now can't find any support in this app like the instructions say. It's making me sign up for a $15/mo fitness membership, and I don't own any of their overpriced equipment. Guess that's why there are 40 clearance bands on the shelf at Menards. Also, the other reviews on here are pretty damning. What a waste of time.
At best this should be a one time fee not a subscription, I'd even settle for buying training sessions one by one at a fair price. So the price alone is prohibitive features are paltry, for example you see your weekly stats but there aren't any daily stats or even session stats. You're basically paying to watch other people have fun on exotic jogs while you sit on your machine. It's nice having a tablet to see your stats, not nice having to pay an outrageous subscription for it. I get people make a living out of this but I'm sorry to say it feels like a rip off. If your machine came enabled with it enjoy the trial, but don't get fooled into the subscription. The only reason to contemplate is covid and not being able to go to the gym, but devices that have this built in should offer a year from the get go and not a 30 day trial. All wording also seems to indicate that you wont be able to use the machine YOU ALREADY PAID FOR! if you don't activate, that's sleazy. Possible fixes: More features as far as stats go, much cheaper subscriptions or even a free variant specially if you're machine "came" with it. Honestly I'd be happy with an app that would let me save my stats to my tablet/phone and bypass all the video sessions. The video sessions lose their flair after the 2nd or 3rd and that's essentially all your paying for, the feature of having the "trainer" set resistance works. Give the user the option of buying sessions separately at a fair price(it's just a semi interactive video). Paying a subscription for a gimmick isn't worth it in the slightest. 2020 begone already! So it's not a full on attack, it works it just isn't worth what they think it is.
Horrible,cant keep a connection to my treadmill and if i wanted to pay to track my fitness goal i would pay for the gym.
Terrible service, terrible app they just want your personal information so they can sell it. They make it basically impossible to add a promo code to a account. They want access to your personal information or app won't work. This is the second product review I have EVER written in my life . I couldn't ignore the terrible services they provide.
Not happy , paid for 1yr subscription was working good can not do my workouts message comes up ifit stopped working. Doesn't connect to my bluetooth anymore.
Horrible
horrible, wont let me run my treadmill
App doesn't work on my Moto 7 device...I tried to reach out to customer service with no answer....
Device paired app says it isnt. App won't let me sign in or create account bc i won't purchase. Useless. Serious garbage. Training plans are paid only.
shuts down immediately. wont stay connected to my samsung s8
This app is a joke. Got a wearable. They closed the app for it and it won't connect to this one so it's completely worthless.
Downloaded the app when I 1st bought the treadmill signed up showing that it was only going to be 4.99 a month afterwards price changed after 30 days to 14.99 app constantly has to be restarted really not worth it
is this the app for the ifit band
Trash.
I wanted this app to work so badly. For starters it doesn't show your workout stats like the machine does. This has to be integrated at some point. I also have issues with pairing it to my device via Bluetooth. For the amount of money y'all charge monthly it shouldn't be this bad.
No way to search the programs and in order to chat with someone you have to give a full name, phone number and email just to ask a question. I won't be subscribing to this service.
Does not work
App is slow and unresponsive at times and needs reworked. They want to charge you over $100 a year on top of a $700 treadmill you already bought for a crappy fitness app you are forced to use. Legal loophole?
This app literally will not open. i was barely able to activate my new treadmill before it crashed. Also i didn't know that my treadmill would be a 140lb brick that wont work unless i download an apo to activate it or would not have bought it.
just a nother way to get money out of people not worth the money
App is useful only with a paid membership... which is not useful.... did seem to have a software update for my cardio bike so worth one star. Outside of that the app provided no benefit. after the update finished and before writing this review, the app was deleted from my device. My bike still works just fine and my phone had fewer apps... do not download.
Wait till I create an account to hit me with a subscription fee. Not free uninstall
I don't understand how they can invest much on the videos and trainers (which are great so far) and have such a terrible app. No search capability, you can't find workouts one day to the next. You can't even browse by topics or trainers. It's just a big list of videos with no options. So continually frustrating. The calendar on my iPad has every workout in a series everyday. Good luck finding which is supposed to be next. On my phone the calendar is all different and missing workouts.
This app sucks. Bought a treadmill. Instructions said to use this app. Signed up, real easy. It asked for credit card info without explaining the price or billing. I know. I was stupid for doing it. However, once the account is created the website and app do not allow you to unsubscribe. You get directed to call someone who never answers.
held my pro form elliptical hostage till i downloded app and gave credit card info. no way to cancel membership. will be calling my credit card company.
If you sign up you will struggle to cancel, thought I had cancelled only to get charged a couple of weeks later. Ifit told me I had only cancelled with them but hadn't cancelled with google play. I have now cancelled on here but worryingly my subscriptions show another meal planner that was $54 I wasn't aware off along with the monthly fee and the next cancellation date is the next payment date so unsure if I'll get charged next month - dont do it!!!! I'm off to trading standards.
It's the worst fitness program I have tried. It has no interaction with apple, garmin, fitbit or strava. The accuracy of ifit in watts and speed is bad. Maybe thats the reason why they don't open the software to other platforms. If you buy Norditrack or Proform, just lost your money because you can't use any other software.
no longer syncs with my rowing machine
Gets to opening screen "Activate Your" and that's it. Froze there. I reinstalled and the same Disappointing.
Doesn't even let me connect to my nordic treadmill through bluetooth.
The app does not work on my MotoG7. It is just a picture of a person using exercise equipment and the ifit logo but nothing else happens.
Doesn't work on Moto G7
Bad,waste of time
This app won't even allow me to get off the main screen. It automatically goes to full screen and doesn't move up to allow me to log in. I bought a new piece of workout equipment that comes with a 30 day trial of iFit and I am frustrated that I can't use it.
Keep crashing. Not possible to open
Completely useless on my Android. Since I have been waiting almost 2 months for my rower to arrive (still not here, UPS destroyed it, so now waiting for a replacement) I decided to try out some workouts on my phone, using the app. Only problem? App crashes EVERY time I select a workout. I have uninstalled and reinstalled, same result. What absolute trash. I should've bought a Peloton.
really primitive app... i have to sign in every time. no search capability for workouts... pretty disappointing
This is the worst piece of trash I've ever made the mistake of installing on my phone. You can not use it without paying for a subscription. It is page-after-page of trying to up-sell you, without access anywhere to basic non "coach" functionality that they pretend to provide.
App just doesn't work
Does not allow paste for password so password manager does not work well. Please update to allow password pasting.
This app is buggy af. It constantly freezes in street view, and sometimes doesn't catch up for well into the workout. It's awesome to bike in places all over the world, but it's so frustrating when it freezes. Also, the controls are terribly unintuitive, as is the process for making workouts. I would also be nice if you could look left and right when you're riding, and not just straight ahead. Also, the app picks your resistance, which is usually very low. UI/UX sucks, it's buggy, it freezes.
This app is a piece of s***I am angry that I have to download it just to use my treadmill,this dumbass app keeps crashing and does not even keep track of your progress there is no point for it and they want you to waste $15 a month on this s***??? That's pretty much the same goddamn price is a f******gym membership!!!!
kept crashing
Good workouts, interface sucks! No search, no filter, no organization, prone services outages without notifications. For the year fee this app needs to be better.
useless just to sells you a membership
The app won’t let me work out even though the membership is payed. Ifits support is basically not existing. Challenges with rewards are only available for US customers. Super frustrated now that I can’t get my workout done.
Garbage
Poor
Requires access to your photos amd location, otherwise doesmt work. why would it want access my photos amd location for a stationary equipment !??? its a huge privacy invasion!!!!
Can't get it to work on my phone, Moto z force so I will be cancelling everything to do with IFIT
This app is a great concept but needs a lot of work! There's no search option and the workouts are very slow to load (I'm in ultra high speed internet so can't imagine how slow a normal or subpar download speed would be). I'm not sure the app is supported as any problem I've had I've asked for help and not once have I gotten an answer. On the website there's a chat function... No one has ever responded. I've submitted tickets with no response as well. Poor support... Decent concept. Free trial
This is a money trap,does not allow you to cancel monthly payment.this comes with buying a nordicktrack treadmill and has misleading free membership...youl have to pay mothly of 15usd ..
This is crazy but the app wont work anymore after one day🙄 is this because im on a free trail because not cool at all.
Terrible experience. I spent a lot of money on my new Nordic Track treadmill and all I want to do. Is connect my HRM. Fair enough I have to download iFit but there is Zero functionality unless I register for free trial. Don't need your coaching. Do better. Uninstall. Will continue to use my Polar HRM on its own.
Needed the app in order to activate equipment. Then I had to subscribe to a pay service. It was a very confusing subscription process. Then my subscription was not accessible when I tried to log in. I later learned I could bypass everything just by holding down the ifit sync button on the bike for 30 seconds. The app and subscription are now worthless. This seems like a scam just to activate an exercise bike.
It's awesome when the browse videos works, which is about 1 in 20 tries.
This app sucks. They make you sign up just to be able to turn on your treadmill and then they start to automatically bill you and make it a pain to cancel
I can't even do the activate button! I have a standard treadmill and the screen formats it sideways so I can't press it. this is bull.
Absolutely awful trying to set up am account. Not worth the headache
Do Not Install unless ready to connect equip
horrible to navigate. a search option would be great to quickly find a workout instead of having to browse everything in the hopes of finding what your looking for. and why does the back button bring you back to square one every time instead of the previous window...
Why do I need to let you get into my files for a fitness program
Goes to white screen doesn't work on note 10plus 5g
Don't ever force me to hand over credit card infornation to use a product that i already bought. Don't force me to use an app to use a product that i bought for personal use in my home. Don't force me to surrender my location in order to activate a product that I bought. Optional, yes. Mandatory, absolutely not. I will be looking into filing a complaint with the BBB.
Uninstalled. Everyone covered it.
Keeps crashing. Can't register equipment or even setup an account. Rubbish is an understatement!!
keeps closing
App is not stable. Hangs frequently. Pathetic app. And worst customer service. There should be an option for zero star rating.
Workout content is great, but completely non-functional, which makes it worthless. App is garbage. Nonstop buffering every 15 seconds while streaming workouts. I have great internet, can stream full length movies on countless other apps without issue. And yet these people keep emailing me about extending my ifit membership. Pfft. Yeah, right. Make this functional and then we'll talk.
Probably the worst fitness app I've ever used. Downloaded it bc I got the Pro Fit rower at Costco. Issues: 1) Forms I needed to fill didn't have intuitive error handling, which caused difficulty signing up. Inconsistent font weights. 2) have family plan but cannot add another ifit member through the app. It signs me out and wants my family member to buy the monthly pass 3) every time I open the app, I need to confirm my height, weight, gender, and address. Very annoying very quick.
I cancelled online, and we have been getting charged since September! If u need to cancel, I advise everyone to do it from the google play screen. I would assume I could get refunded bc it hasn't been in use since I thought it finalized through the website, but they do not write back with your issues when you describe your issues.
So in order to use the exercise bikes Bluetooth system, I had to download this app. I'm fine with that except when it tells me I have to pay for a membership in order to use the app. So basically, if I go to use any devices of this companies, I have to have a paid membership just in order to use their Bluetooth. That's a little stupid if you ask me and that's just a warning for everybody else. It does have an MP3 Jack in it but I should not have to pay in order to connect a device to that.
Super hard to cancel subscription
should have a free version of the app to track progress. I refuse to pay for something that other companies give you for free. so stupid!
App restarts on everytime I select a location workout. Using a Haiwei m5. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling multiple times with the same result. Very frustrating given paid for a year membership. Hope it fixes this soon.
Very annoying setup. Forcing you to watch a video every time you login and Sync with the Treadmill. Uninstalling.
Why would you want to buy a treadmill that makes you download there app to activate the thing.
so irritated, I cancelled this subscription online but it still charged me through Google play and there's no way to get a refund!
Worst software ever
Useless, all they do is show video
The worst fitness app I have used. I workout 7 days/week and use multiple fitness apps. This is the most challenging. Hopefully they will improve the functionality.
How about a free membership which just logs the stats on my bike and then charge for the extras? At least it would keep me interested in your app and more chance of upgrading.
money money is all that is in your mind.
They do not make it easy to cancel your subscription.
IT doesn't work in note 10
i have an Elleptical Nordictarck 9.5. i cant connect or pair with machine. There is no troubleshooting steps available.
Always defaults to use my mobile data instead of Wi-Fi no option to prevent. Pain if i forget to turn off mobile data before using
I got a Proform Tour de Franc exercise bike from Costco. It does not have incline as a feature, yet the 2 trail rides I've done in the app say that they're gonna change the incline and resistance to match the trainer. This results in the resistance not being as hard as it should be between sets. I had to manually switch the resistance to be harder to account for not having incline. There should be an option to search for sessions for your specific equipment and/or difficulty. Need more options.
I just bought my weslo cadence treadmill from walmart and after setting it up, find that this company is literally holding its customers product hostage and will not work unlesss you give them your card info. Then you must make an account, and install their app onto your device, this is sickeningly rediculous. Enjoy my expired card and useless profile info. I just want to use my treadmill without this massive roundabout bologna. I really wish I could swear, -5 stars review. never buying again.
don't sign up because if you cancel you get the run around. I have cancelled three separate times and ifit claims its Google play and wont cancel. GARBAGE!!!
Won't let me used the activities code the screen just freezes up worst app even. After paying for the 30 say free trial too
To hard to log in
do not pruchase any treadmill that uses ifit. i repeat do not. these people are a ripoff and hold your machine hostage unless you give card info. you can not log into app to cancel. so then when they charge you their customer service just says too bad so sad. non refundable. do not use this app
My treadmill plays feedfm now, and you can't choose a station or stop it
Got a ProForm machine which uses this app to have routines, videos, etc... while exercising.  Even through you have to enter all the machine info into the app, about 80% of everything the app suggests isn't compatible.   So it FAILS in the one job it has to do which is provide exercise routines for the machine you sync it with!  NOT worth the time or effort.
Doesnt even connect to my watch
why is there no 0 star option? This app is merely a ruse to get more money from people who have already forked out for the machine itself. A monthly subscription fee for a short list of slightly different workouts.... no thanks
what a scam
Money up front. They should allow the digital tracker to work without payment for people who don't need video motivation. Total overpriced scam. Worth maybe $1 a month.
Crashes every time I select a workout. No search.
I bought a two year premium membership via amazon when I purchased a treadmill. The app interface is awful. The app itself is a watered down version of the desktop website. You have a homepage with featured workouts, a calendar page with scheduled workouts that you can sign up for on the website, and a browse page that does not allow you to search. There is no search feature on the app. So if I want to find a specific type of routine I have to get on my desktop computer. But wait, it gets worse. There is no search function on their website, just browse. Many of the workout series are for running/cardio. I have bad knees and I'm limited on classes because I can't set a max speed. Yes, you can change speed manually during the workout but then the incline doesn't change when the class changes the incline. Therefore you are stuck either manually trying to change things yourself while sweating and huffing or just not following along at all. A lot of the classes utilize a walk speed that is too fast. I am capable of cardio and walking fast but 3mph is jogging for my short legs. Adjustable stats would make such a difference.
App kept billing me for months after i follow their instructions to un subscribe. Curently they say i have to unsubscribe from play store. I was mislead by their instructions and i want to be refunded. Sucks.
is there anyway to cancel free trial i cant figure out how
Trashiest app I've ever had. The idea of it is good, and having a trainer's guidance and beautiful views help. However this stupid app keep freezing my phone and almost never work. 90% of time when I try to use it, there's an issue and most times it's just a black frozen screen
I KEEP GETTING CHARGES TO USE THE EQUIPMENT WHAT IS THIS ALL ABOUT?
I was forced to download this app and subscribe ($15/mo) to use a $200 excise bike I bought at Walmart. Will be returning the bike, deleting this app, and canceling my account. Extortion should be illegal. This was not clearly explained before purchase.
Why does this app require access to my photo, media, files and location to work?
it should be a scam to advertise a treadmill with bluetooth, and not warning the buyer that the only way to use it is with a monthly subscription. the bluetooth is built into the machine, I dont see why I need to spend MORE money to use the feature. next time I will just turn away from buying anything with ifit on the box.
not good. They make you think that you have to pay a monthly membership fee to activate your machine and then when you get the app, the app does not work!
It never open to synch the equipment
Just installed the app on my OnePlus 7t pro and it flips the view from standard to portrait mode a few times then is stuck in portrait mode with nothing to click on. It's sitting at a picture with activate your account but account is partially off the screen. Guessing the aspect ratio of my phone is causing the issue.
App useless when constantly crashing. I have not been able to successfully use the app at all. I pair with my treadmill and select a training. It says hold the start button on treadmill then says Loading training. At that point the app goes to a white screen and closes. Guess I will cancel my membership since it's worthless. Glad they at least give a free trial so I'm not out any money on junk app.
be careful! the app creates an online account with ifit... you can go there to cancel... but i won't, you have to cancel from the app store.. even with a notice saying it is cancelled it renewed...
Doesn't work on my phone. Shows a blank screen and bluetooth wont connet.
horrible scam to make you think you need to subscribe in order to turn on machine. you don't! then make it extremely difficult to cancel.
We purchased a treadmill with a free trial of the app membership. After signing up the app kicked me out and will no longer allow me to even login unless I have a membership, which I do. I've been going back and forth with customer service and they have been no help at all while my free trial ticks away. Terrible app, terrible company. I'm guessing if I could login it wouldn't work if this is how it is just signing up.
Best way to use this app is to run away from it.
This app is complete trash. Nothing but problems from the beginning. Support is no help either so don't bother trying. Now the app doesn't even work. The work outs I have been able to do are great. The problem is the app. I wouldn't recommend to anyone to purchase a year subscription.
I can't even open the app on my phone. I click it and all it has a a white screen for 5 minutes. Nothing. Then I have to closed the app. It sucks.
Does not work with Huawei tablet. No help from customer service.
I have a Android 8.0 tablet. After recent update, this program crashes and quits whenever I start a workout, very bad update!
I give this app no stars because it doesn't work. All it does is get you to a screen tnat says activate your. what the heck am I supposed to do with that?
Honestly terrible functionality. I don't understand why there can't be a simple search bar. Good luck trying to find the series or workout you were on, especially when you're calendar erases randomly every so often. Bluetooth connection is intermittent at best. Biggest gripe by far though it's the lack of coherent navigation. It'd be great if reach workout had clickable tags that bring you to collections with those tags. Not the case (or only SOMEtimes there are tags). Not intuitive.
Permissions. Not sure why this needs so many permissions. They are unnecessary for fitness. Guess it will just stay on the tablet which has no personal info.
After you log in you're forced to pair the app to your equipment via bluetooth. The app never finds it, errors out, and the app is completely useless because you can't skip the activation step.
As others have said, this is a great concept, but the execution is poor. Each of us pays $150 a year and this app is on equipment from every manufacturer, with all of that it should be Apple stupid easy. Instead it's Windows XP dysfunctional. The interface is very clunky, very limited and not user friendly and it's horribly slow. In comparison the Peloton app is AWESOME. It doesn't control the machine, but otherwise it is what iFit should be.
If you just bought a treadmill and was told to download this app return the treadmill now and buy somewhere else. My treadmill won't work unless I update the firmware and wont let me access this app unless I have an acrivate account.
Careful when purchasing the subscription. I have canceled my subscription three months in a row, and yet they keep charging me. I am trying to get this resolved with them. Update Finally heard back and it turns out that the subscription needs to canceled through google play, no where did it ever say that! Be aware of that dirty trick.
IFit in general and this app is pointless. I just want to be able to create my own workouts and run on my treadmill. I don't need some virtual coach. I just want to be able to do my own thing. I give this app 0.1 stars if that's possible.
Sucks!!!!!!!! Will not start. Keeps trying to redirect me to buy the tower I already have.
Not giving this app permission to exploit my whole phone or tablet. will not let you use app unless you grant full access to phone or tablet. B.S.
Awful tactics to get customers to sign in for a wapping $99 a year. I'll make sure any equipment I purchase don't have this garbage in it before I buy it.
Forgot to mention $14.99 mo!
after one gives them cc info for the trial period, it's next to impossible to cancel without being charged your first fee.
I was forced to download this to use with my equipment and it doesn't tell me how much it is after my trial ends.
Don't require access to the permissions just to open your app. A better user experience would be to open the app and disable access until permissions are provided once adequate explanation is provided as to why the permissions are needed. I was irritated before I even saw a landing page.
Not worth it
No integration with other fitness apps - Nordictrack's solution a tedious manual export process. Will boost this review if they eventually develop that basic functionality.
I just got the treadmill and it said I needed to download this app which later learned it cost more than my planet fitness gym membership. I dont see paying all this money for the equipment just to pay monthly for something that from what i can see from other reviews that dont work half the time. The app will not work either unless you give them access to your photos and such on your phone. And you have to give permission to your location. NO THANK YOU
Horrible app
Cant use unless i purchase a $200 module for my $800 machine.
Downloaded just fine with samsung s10....didn't have to connect to equipment. Tried on android based tablet for bigger screen & gets stuck trying to connect to my equipment after logging into my account. Can't get past this neverending loop. Contacted support but they've not been able to help me. Frustrated & disappointed. Was consdering keeping my account going after free trial, but seriously reconsidering.
Mandatory install to unlock/use your treadmill?! Requires your location, FOR A TREADMILL?? And no search function through your videos? Are you serious? App is trash.
Why does this app look like it was lazily copy and pasted hyperlinks without any thoughts on user interface looks like they hired an intern to design this. Go download DDPY app and have your developers learn how to build. It's pathetic how terrible this app is why since you have quality videos hidden behind a bad UI, no gamification theory used, filters don't really categories things correctly.
crashes often causing my workout to not be saved. I cant stay logged in so I have to login every time i workout. I cant access my workouts without connecting the app to the treadmill. app becomes basically useless.
What a scam. You have to download this app to get your treadmill to work. $15 a month. No Thanks.
Buffers consistently
Malisima
I still get charged even I cancelled days beforehand, The ifit website indicated that I have cancelled my subscription in their portal. No indication that I have to cancel it in Google Play. Poor User Interface. Misleading. Now being denied a refund. Android Users beware.
It's beyond me how it's legal for these people to sell me a 600 dollar treadmill and then refuse to let me turn it on without me giving them access to my phone's location and storage. There are like 10 videos, and none of them match up to even youtube for quality. To top it off you have to click through about five levels of "are you sure you're sure"s when you unsubscribe. I'll be a avoiding anything ifit branded in the future.
Sucks!
Poor app for a great bike. Waited almost two months for my bike to arrive so the membership was a waste for me. Got the bike, started using the app and is such a disappointment. There is no easy search on this thing. All wearables have been discontinued, the function to log food is no longer there, and the app has a ton of glitches. Is pretty much just as good as a youtube video but expensive.
Terrible, no functionality without buying a subscription, which makes the Bluetooth functionality of your training equipment completely useless.
This app on my Android phone does not let me sign in. I am not able to scroll down to see the sign in fields.
I find the app counterintuitive hard to use and inconsistent! A former computer tech and fitness instructor I'm extremely dissapointed!
App won't connect to equipment
Buy a ifit Vue and have to pay for the app to use it? Looks like I'm returning this device.
Scam maybe? Bought a treadmill with a 1 year membership but I can't create an account to try the service. 🤷
is this still an active app?i just bought my machine off hsn and i need to know if this still works or this machine is not worth it. im really upset
What a joke
SCAM ALERT APP TOOK MY CREDIT CARD AND CHARGED IT WITHOUT MY PERMISSION AFTER I UNINSTALLED THIS APP. SCAMMERS
App quits working always need uninstall and reinstall almost every day
I thought this was going to be a social app to share workouts and goals. Would be nice to connect with friends in Facebook or other social platforms.
I just want data from my device. Nothing more. Show ME my stats. I don't want a trainer.
Horrible app and service
Having to pay to connect to a bluetooth device? Wow.
App will not get past the allow or decline access screen
Why does the app not work without permissions, esp. location? Looks like they want to track you.
do not purchase!!!when you try to cancel they just keep renew even when you follow their instructions to cancel. then wont answer your email to customer service.
es lo mas ridiculo que e visto compre una maquina de caminar y tienes que bajar esta aplicacion y pagar 15 dlls al mes? para que te pongan videos de perosonas que hablan mas de lo que hacen, mejores videos estan en youtube y gratis
Impossible to sign in. says "Email invalid"! Do I want to pay for such app?
The workouts are amazing but the app is absolute trash!
Constantly crashes, cannot run background music apps at the same time.
The only problem with this app is that it connects to the inferior nordictrac equipment.
I bought the machine...why can't I use the app to bluetooth in some of my jams and track my exercise. I don't want to pay $15 a month for your workout videos. I just want to run and watch my tv in peace while being able to track my exercise. What a BS app. "You paid $x amount of money for a machine, now pay us more to use all the features you already paid for."
This app was always sub par. I much prefer to use the full website interface on my computer. Lately it has gone from bad to worse. It will not even open on my phone any more. Useless.
Hate it. aAter all the registration and hassle, you are forced to enroll in a trail. so, that they can suck in you money.
really scummy forcing you to go through hoops to register a machine. tried to state my reason for quitting the "membership" and it actually wont let you cancel it if want to select "other" i think they are blocking out words like "scam" which is exactly what this is. gross ifit. gross.
Horrible app, can not even load videos to use the trainer
so bad u cant start the app unless you share your credit card info so bad
App keeps crashing
The app has invasive permissions. Why does it need access to my location when the equipment is at my house. Why does it need access to my photos. What's worse is that this is mandatory otherwise the app will not work. Invest in your app and make this optional
Not friendly
Can't install on the Fire tablet, seriously???
Broken and useless...dont waste your time
Very basic, no search option to search videos, no live workouts, very expensive, does not show difficulty of workouts. Upgrade or I will cancel. Extremely difficult to find a workout.
I have tried multiple different ways to reset the app turned off the bluetooth on my phone and it still not sync to my machine ifit. The app will not pair to the machine at all
Update: dec2020 update no changes. Workouts and trainers are great, but this app sucks. Row workouts CONSTANTLY buffering. I cant remember the last time i had a workout that didnt pause to buffer at least half a dozen times. Its not my network, it only happens in this app. Never happens on my treadmill. App needs a better search function, need to be able to download workouts for offline, need to have more sophisticated scheduling options, it should remember bluetooth pairings, i could go on.
You have to pay for this app that suckss....
Doesn't work. Sees the proform. Refuses to connect.
I want to listen to my own music / TV utilizing the Bluetooth and speakers. The application doesn't allow for this. Only allows you to do a specific workout. It also sucks that I have to have the app just to use the Bluetooth.
Good idea poorly executed. As for after sales service there isn't any. Avoid!
App goes into landscape view and won't turn or scroll up or down and it won't turn back into portrait view....I tried to install and reinstall a few times and the problem still persist.
this app is very basic and doesn't work without a premium cost.
can't use my hardware without pay.
App is useless without ability to Cast to a TV. Either make this app able to cast to Google devices and Roku or make an App for Android TV and Roku. If in Bike or Treadmill with screen it is an very good app. The phone app is useless though.
Doesn't connect to Strava or garmin like zwift does. I definitely will not be keeping this membership.
IF YOU NEED TO USE THIS APP TO ACTIVATE YOUR FITNESS EQUIPMENT, contact your equipment's customer service. They can tell you how to circumvent it so you can use your equipment without registering with ifit. (sorry ifit, but i paid enough for my eliptical without adding a monthly subscription just to use the thing.) P.S. if you read this, please rate this review as helpful so it gets bumped up and more people can read it. Thanks.
Yep. This app is garbage. Will not load. Will not run. BOOOOO to iFit.
cant cancel does not work support sucks. will definitely take your money
Cant connet
Disconnected with machine very often during workout
came with equipment. cant seem to apply 6 month credit to membership, said multiple users but turns out costs more but I cang determine how to add it, never mind the cost. go get a Fitbit instead.
Doesn't work worthless
not the app to play music on ur treadmill some bs
It is hard to used and using the map section is a hard. All in all it's a good appl. that will get better I hope. I did that they charge too much though. It should be $5.99 individual so more folks would be inclined to purchase or $9.99 for family.
just wanted to play music in my treadmill, and I need to pay for it? Its ridiculus.
Sucks ballsp
I open the app and it wants to sync with Bluetooth, which I was told by support was not an option as this feature is "antiquated" I have emailed, attempted to chat with and called support several times but can never get any response.
It's almost impossible in disenrolled!
Second update: Say the rubbish you post on your website stating that the average workout rating from your customers is 4.7 out of 5. That's a pretty blatant lie considering the actual ratings on google play. Update: Messaged support a week ago and I have yet to receive a reply. Terrible service. Would love to use this with my Nordictrack VX 550 but your app registers my bike as an elliptical and not an upright bike. all the workouts are for an elliptical and when I click on the bike tab it just disconnects from the machine
It simply does not work. I don't know exactly what I'm paying for, but it is the most expensive and useless icon in my library. For as much money as they are charging, you figure the app would be flawless. Was this app designed by old people getting telephonic tech support? A better app would be designed by 5th graders at this point. At least it would work. Total waste of money.
It says that you no longer need equipment to use the app. I have installed and uninstalled the app a few times and everytime it won't go past trying to sync with equipment when I open it on my tablet. It works on my small phone but not on my tablet. Worse is that I even have a treadmill with an ifit module but its outdated and won't work anymore. I feel like I'm punished for not upgrading to something. My treadmill works wonderfully as a treadmill. It's just the ifit that doesn't.
When I bought my treadmill I had to subscribe to activate my treadmill. They offered a 30 day free trial but take credit card information. Then they make it very difficult to unsubscribe. And the directions they give don't work. I followed the directions and thought I was unsubscribed, however I received an email stating i'd been charged a membership fee. I again went into the website, tried finding how to unsubscribe and finally found a phone number and was on hold for 20 min. Very frustrating!
Why a company like Norditrack would pair up with an app like this amazes me. I installed the app, connected to my treadmill, but then I get nothing but a white screen. But, wait, there more! You need to pay 19.95 per month to use this app. That more than my World gym membership.
Requires payment. Gold's Gym Trainer 430i does not state payment required.
I have this app to use with my Nordic Travk treadmill. Doesn't sync with Bluetooth because there is apparently no way to find out the name of my treadmill! And their zendesk support only talks about how to turn bluetooth on on my phone. The support sections of both ifit and Nordictrack suck.
It wouldn't pair with my NordicTrack and if i tried to skip pairing and just get into the app, it only gave me a blank white screen. I've tried re-downloading it a few times and it never worked.
i didnt buy a $700 treadmill to be milked out of an additional $15 a month for the companion app.
Just horrible interface, bad instructions
App is awful. It kept freezing up my phone. Had to uninstall
Horrible. Wants to access your photos and won't start without. Nightmare
It is only in the way of using the treadmill.
whatever you do do not use this app I attempt to use it on my new treadmill today would be my first day using it and it has messed with my treadmill it won't power on the only thing that's coming on is the fan👎👎👎👎
I activated my for trial but the app keeps telling me to purchase another one
Bought equipment, then forced to purchase monthly membership, then forced to allow application to access files they have no need or business accessing. 0/10, would not recommend.
I really like my treadmill but the app is pretty useless. It would be great if there were better search and filter features to find workouts for later. Also it's weird that there are better ways to see your history and progress.
Unable to conect my machine .
Can't connect to my pro form machine saying can't find Bluetooth and tried everything. How can I connect my note 10+ to my machine 😫
Crashes right after syncing with treadmill. Would never have bought treadmill if I knew app didn't work. Don't waste your time or money.
Be careful with the free trial period. It has automatic renewal, and the app doesn't allow cancelation. The app has a scam option to cancel your BENEFITS after they have charged you. What really happens is that they charge 15 dollars for the premium plan, but downgrade you to a basic membership that removes most functionality from the app. Customer support blames you, doesn't refund your money, and even though they charge full premium price, wont reestablish full app functionality.
crashes and does not really track workout
$15 to run on a treadmill... i don't think so, all i want is the use of the speakers
App doesn't work. Even tried Uninstalling and Reinstalling. I was a subscriber too. Time to cancel and look for a better one.
Doesn't pair with my if it enabled elliptical
My NordicTrack VX 550 detected as treadmill instead of excersise bike. Please fix that!!! No option to override device type.
Terrible. Difficult to use (see all the other reviews here), and look at all the permissions it requires to run. Why does an app for indoor sports equipment require Location? And the ability to read my contacts? No, this is a terrible app with broad ranging demands on privileges it requires to operate. Not worth it. Just use the manual mode on your equipment.
worst experience I have ever had with a company
Constantly crashes on a phone that is only 2yrs old. And if it's only compatible with tablets....useless.
No es justo que tenga que pagar para poder utilizar con mi familia los programas que se supone que trae la caminadora. Es demasiado cara como para tener que limitarme a lo que Ifit desea.
£30 a month for an app for a trainer is a joke.
This is not a review of the app. I will not be trying the app . i am here and giving a 1 star rating bc my new nordictrack treadmill FORCES me to download the app and register my treadmill with this app in order to "UNLOCK" my ability to use it. So i paid 600 f'in dollars and am told i am not allowed to use it unless i first go through this bs (not nordictrack) app!!!!????? I will be leaving this same review on nordic track bc they are just as responsible for this bs.
worked good on my RCA tablet for a week. App did automatic update. Now it will not recognize that my tab is connected to my Weslo treadmill. Cannot get the app to connect at all...tried resetting tab, resetting the machine, removed Bluetooth pairing and re-paired with the machine, etc...tried EVERYTHING! It simply will not connect. UPDATE: I heard there was a new improved version, so I tried again. The newer version tells me I am noit connected to the internet while at the same time, I can open my GMAIL, I can browse with Chrome...Apparently not compatible with my RCA tablet running Android 6.0. (Note: I am posting this update from the same tablet that this app is telling me has no internet connection!!!)
Terrible. Very slow interface. Cannot create new workouts.
app doesn't work. doesn't connect to classic ifit watch. disappointed with ifit
I tried to sign up on my phone for a membership and it wont let me continue after i enter my email.
Will not even open. Crashes my phone every time I try.
no free option just to log times/dyostance even though the website says as much.
U took 100% full control of my stupid treadmill give it back now or I will sue you
App does not always open
App is garbage. Will not install or open any of the programs. Just shuts down. Reinstalled twice and only got worse.
can't use the app without paying for a membership. all I wanted to do was sync it up with my Fitbit. I dont need a trainer. dont waste your time unless you wanna pay a monthly fee to use it.
Horrible... I can not even open the app...
One of the worst PR stunts. Forcing to sign up to activate a bike. Then forcing you to give info (like exact birthday) with no option to say Skip. You have to, otherwise the bike will not unlock. Seriously considering returning the bike. This app feels scammy
How can they still not have a search function for the price they charge? Also, I bought a bike in the first place because I never do cardio & my cardiovascular fitness is really bad. I couldn't even get through the "true beginner" workout & I don't even know if there are any other easier workouts because they have no difficulty ratings or advice. FitOn is completely free and has difficulty ratings & recommendations based on your fitness level, so where is all the money we are paying going?
why does this app need to use my location? it's an elliptical it doesnt need to use my location. if I knew any of this stuff before buying my proform I would not have bought it
I can't even get the app to work. As soon as I open it, the screen switches to landscape mode and says Active Your Machine but that's it.
Totally sucks. Too bad there is no way to give it a zero rating. This app constantly wants me to sign up for nordictrac workouts. I can;t get it to go to the manual mode. Each time I log in it was to charge me 14.99 +taxes a month. This is pure b.s. on the apps designer and nordictrac. Don't waste your time with it. Just so you know, it still sucks. Zero stars. Fix the fn thing
I would give it a 0 tbh this app cant even connect to my watch and all I want was to track I dont need a trainer when I already go one in person .useless app
So a PAID app means I can never use my Weslo tread to track fitness. Ever.
this is the worst. My Nordictrack rowing machine came with the pad and was supposed to just launch up once I registered. This is torture there is no app for the rowing I have to go and try to download things I tried to download the cardio fitness app but it won't start and ask for all kinds of permissions this is the worst ever
Can't register. Server isn't working
I don't see why the app needs access to my media, pics, and files.
Useless app.... They need to redesign their money manking Strategy. There is no free trial without payong a single dime!!
Because of you people being so slimy in trying to force someone to sign up for your program, by not advertising that fact, by making me go through so much in order to use my purchased product, I give you all a 0. I don't appreciate being manipulated. I wish that I wouldn't have purchased your product. You people should be ashamed of yourself and this should be against the law. I don't want your free trail. I want to be able to plug in my machine and it works period. I paid hundreds of dollars.
Constantly losing bluetooth connection. Loses track with machine. Will abruptly end workout which cause machine to stop. Some times it wont even open. Only on trial and think its decided for me.
Ask to access files, photos and media on phone. Does not work without that permission.
Try to log in but does not have any way to do so..also goes straight to horizontal view but does not have the ability to do vertical view to log in. Do not get anything related to this product.
wont connect to my elliptical.
Horrible just an app to gather your personal information and for you to make purchases for their training classes because apparently you need a training class to walk on a treadmill
Очень медленное, в целом бесполезное приложение. Думал что хоть какая-то функциональность для тренажёра где есть большая кнопка iFit будет бесплатной (навроде статистики). Но iFig. Ну не очень мне нужна велотренировка под записанное видео, я лучше что-то полезное посмотрю.
Garbage!!! Enough said
Buffering and glitching I can't get through my workout
Can't get my new S22i paired with my phone :( ... Tried many options and yet nothing worked out .... such a mess iFit!
This app does not work at all. It literally never even opens. I have uninstalled and reinstalled with no change. Junk.
Not Happy! I was 1 day late to cancel the free membership and iFit wouldn't provide a full refund. I was charged a full year at $190.80. After speaking with the representative he did offer an initial refund of 30% and after I tried to negotiate he offered me 35%. No managers available to help you! My refund was only $66 so now I have a subsription that cost $125. I messed up by 1 day but didn't expect this. SO TAKE HEAD AND DON'T FORGET TO CANCEL THE "FREE" MEMBERSHIP OR DON'T DO IT!
Makes my phone crash everytime I upload the app.
it's just an app trying to sell you iFit Coaching, no free functionality at all!
Not useful and membership fees taken even after cancelling the membership. Tried the app with my cross trainer. But the recorded exercises were not useful at all. I have cancelled the membership after trial period but membership fees was deducted for the following month. Customer service did not even respond to my inquiry.
I download the app , than I knew that we have to pay , why don't you just say from the beginning
I understand the marketing point behind it, but to require that someone signs up for this app to activate the machine is so closed architecture - so 90s thinking. Would be easier if you had an open architecture. The app correctly sinks with the rower, but when the app starts to upload workouts it just closes. Restarted phone multiple times and it's still the case. Sum of it is: I can't do the rowing workouts as advertised. Bought it for the machine; not the app. Lame overall UX.
This review isn't about the app, as I didn't use it, simply about the service itself. The elliptical I purchased required me to sign up for ifit before it could even be used, and ifit required a credit card before it could be activated. The very fact that they don't believe I'd want to continue using it without tricking me into forgetting to cancel is obnoxious enough that I don't even need to try it out to know they don't care about users.
Terrible products and customer service. Wish I could leave 0 stars for Norditrack...
I open up the app and get a white screen. Nothing appears. Worthless.
I fit sucks ...scam... It makes you provide your credit card information and then when you go and cancel it they will charge you for a month and tell you you never cancel it I had to call in and they had to clear my account So I don't get charge for future purchases then I asked for a refund granted it's only $16 but they refused because their policy says no refunds after it's been charged So be careful
there are a lot of flaws with the app especially for something that costs over $20 a month. At that price it shouldnt be anything short of perfect. issues: -theres no sorting system or filter or list to find the type of workout you want. walks and hiits are mixed together -theres no indication of how intense a workout is until you do it -why does it require me to sign in everytime i use it??? -Why cant i preload workout to prevent buffering mid workout??
Not user friendly
Just bought a treadmill and on my Android phone I can't get the app to even activate---gets stuck in landscape mode and won't allow me to scroll down to activate my machine. So sucky.
Dear All. Never ever experience what I have gone through with this deception. This app is bad & just waste of money. If you don't believe me, try the "free-30-day-period" BUT BE VERY SURE you have studied how to CANCEL SUBSCRIPTION before the trial period ends. If you can't find that, then NEVER try it at all. I was victimized by this. They will really give you a hard time. Until you will forget that time's up and you will be charged automatically by it's cohort GOOGLE PLAY.
the app contonually stops working just after it syncs with nordic track rw200. garbage!
App Won't download after several attempts
i cant use most workouts based on my type of machine. Also, the ones I can use claim higher workout times, miles and calories burned than what ends up happenning.
The display on my Nordictrack RW900 Rower is run by Android but the Android version of this app does not have any rowing included. Yet the iPhone version does. I don't get it. This app is very poorly designed. It also doesn't appear that it lets you communicate with the iFit Community. Needs a lot of work and a big update.
Subscribed for the one month free trial and it won't get past the join now page. Not much use for a broken app
App did not work for my phone. Purchased a new treadmill and can't even sync them up . Very upsetting
This app rarely works. I hope if you're reading this you haven't bought iFit enabled equipment yet. Peloton is much better. This app and the iFit interface on the equipment is buggy, not user friendly, and the customer support is some of the worst I've ever seen. In fact, a class action lawsuit should be filed against this company.
Stop making me watch the promo. I just want to use my treadmill and the equipment it came with.
Won't even install without permissions I don't want to give. Did anyway, but then won't pair with watch. Will uninstall and get refund on watch
Unable to pair my Nordictrack 6.5 si treadmill with the phone app.
Was great they took away the ability to use google maps to run though a custom map. That was the best part. Plus it allowed me to track my time and experience daily. Now they want me to sign up again for the same app because they changed it. I already pay for planet fitness and that login does nothing for this app other than show me the same videos. I am mot going to pay for both. Its too bad because this was a great system when it was connected to my Nordictrack elliptical.
Unable to connect via BT to my Pro-Form Pro 9000. Tried everything with no luck.
The application is bloatware. They position them self as option to install additional workouts to nordic track but moment that you install it they giving you 30 days for free and then you have to pay. Waste of space on your phone.
App full of errors. No way I will renew my subscription once the free period ends. Shame.
95% of ifit, nordictrack and proform is Marketing. Once you buy their machine you find out that their customer service is horrible, product is cheap and software unfinished.
NordicTrack treadmills with bluetooth can't sync workouts unless you sign up for iFit Coaching membership, even if you don't want coaching. How much does it cost for you to sync your workouts, $180 a year. Any other options, sure $396 or $468 a year. Funny thing is I was considering a coaching membership, mostly for the video trails, but having to pay $180 a year to sync my workouts taste like bile to me. Next treadmill will not be a NordicTrack, nor iFit capable.
Galaxy Note 9. I can't even get the app to open. I've installed and uninstalled 5 times and never get past the loading screen. Very frustrating.
Constant crashing.
I can't figure out how the app works. I only want to see workouts for my equipment but it shows a ton of irrelevant classes. I find it hard to find what I want. I can't figure out how to stop, go back or fast forward. Once I finished a class, it insisted in telling me what I had to do next. I had a hard time getting out of that so I could decide myself what to do next. The outdoors rowing videos are terrible. They only show the tip of the boat. Very disappointing.
Couldn't connect to my Vue at all, and to use the app it costs $15 a month. But the app is required for the device I already paid for. I'm just sad, this could've been useful.
FYI I can't get past step one on the Moto G7 since the app forces you to be in landscape mode and there's no way to scroll down to the login screen unless you're in portrait mode, pretty bad experience.
After spending $1500+ on a treadmill with Bluetooth connectivity, why do I have to spend $400 a year on an app to access features I thought I paid for
I just purchased an elliptical that I needed to activate to use. I went through all of the process including giving a credit card number. When the two went to pair ifit told me that they couldn't pair. My phone has the elliptical as a paring device, but my phone says it cannot pair. I'm confused, can someone give me an idea of how to pair these two?
beware credit card charges are coming. I had to install this app just to get my treadmill working, a few weeks later I have a subscription fee charge... there's a reason for so many 1 Stars.
Why does it need access to my photo
I enjoy most of the pre-recorded workouts but the summary does not always sync and they will still show on my calendar as not having been completed. It will also be useful if the movements for the pre-recorded workouts were known ahead of time so that we can find alternatives when necessary since none are provided during the workouts. Also, it gets cumbersome having to sync the same tablet to the same equipment before every workout.
Could NOT login. Said my Facebook data was wrong yet signed into my Facebook and all data I input matched perfectly.
you have to pay for the coaching to be able to use this i paid for the freaking elliptical why should i have to pay for a membership to be able to use an app to track what i do???? This is so messed up.
Great content but NO SEARCH BAR. How do you go through all this content?
garbage, and scummy
Charged our credit card multiple times AFTER canceling many MONTHS ago!! We got a subscription to I Fit for free with the purchase of our new treadmill in January. We used twice and did not like it. My husband and I forgot to cancel it by February. We called to cancel our membership middle of February. It is now SEPTEMBER 17TH 2020 10:05 PM and can see they've still been charging our card! $111.23 in charges so far! This is unbelievable
Bought a treadmill for 1200 dollars. It looks and works great but they never told me it costs 15 dollars a month for this app. Very unfortunate. Will be asking for a refund and return. Which is frustrating because it took two hours to build. Do not buy these fitness devices or use their apps, unless you get some sort of free membership. Even my cycling device (tacx) comes with a free app and membership.
not free! install, sign up and then find out if you don't pay 14.99 a month you get logged out. what's worse?... I have an ifit axis HR that is useless with out their app... I've had a lot of hard times in the past with this company and their mediocre Equipement and this is the last straw for me. I bought this HR monitor a year ago and used one day now I take I out of the original box, charge it up, and the screen is already half burnt out even though it was never uses. complete junk!
wants my life story to activate a treadmill? why does it need my contacts and stored media files?...half a mind to ship it back, but need/want it
does not connect to machine via BT. does not track stats on machine (RW900) or in app. AFTER EVERY WORKOUT it states it can not upload stats because of no connection, then how the hell did you just let me play the damn video?!? customer service chat left me on hold for 3 hours (I finally gave up). it's been 2 weeks, still no reply to my emails. ifit does not give a damn about you, me or any of its customers.
It takes a long long time to download. This is my first time to download.
User interface lacks user friendly touch! Clunky,slow, and not well desigmed. Rower is ok, not what I paid for and customer service there is unwilling to help. Company lacks integrity. Tablet that came with rower sucks. Just really sucks. Keep shopping if you are looking at this before you buy.
Disgusted...I will never buy anything that says Ifit in order to use my new treadmill I have to download a app agree to a free trial membership that will charge when the free is up. There is a way to do business making it to where I have to do extra stuff I don't want to do....is the perfect way to piss me off... Sorry for all those that have to go through these same steps.... I refuse to do business with Ifit for making me have to give them my information to use the products I purchased.
Terrible
Won't pair to the treadmill... Phone sees treadmill under Bluetooth but cannot connect via app. Have a Samsung Note 8... do they even test this app with mainstream phones?
I can't even login. Won't go past asking for my address. Wish I could import bike routes saved in Mapmyride.
Worse user interface ever! Should be so confusing to use.
What a terrible app.
Canceled the subscription and was being charged for two more months. It doesn't tell you to cancel your Google play subscription also.
Constantly fails to open, doesn't record my workouts...what's the point of this app and subscription when the simplest tasks can't be performed?
Didn't think I would have to pay when bought bike. Now willing to pay and Can't even pay to join. Really disappointed.
Keeps crashing before ride starts
Customer service is horrible. I waited a total of 2 hours to talk to a customer service agent on the phone to fix a billing issue because I could not fix it online. I was trying to sign up for a promotioni kept emails for and was told the promotion expired the night before. Even though I had been trying to get in touch with customer service for over a week and waited an egregious amount of time to speak with someone, the agent refused to give me the promotion or any kind of compensation.
Couldn't get app to connect with Nordictrack bike but the bike paired but app doesn't work. So I deleted!! Not paying for app when I have paid membership with ifit.
Doesn't work won't install on Samsung tablet and won't synch with Samsung s20 phone and proform hiit h7
Discrepancy between rower and ifit. There are is a huge diff between rower and ifit app. Rower has 500 meters and app shows over 800 meters. Why the big difference. Which one is the correct distance. And still no Bluetooth sound played through the rower either.
hot garbage. when it can be bothered to actually launch the UI is slow unintuitive and missing even basic features like search. don't bother. Got 12 months free subscription when buying a treadmill, already cancelled as there's no way I'll be paying them for this mess. Oh and they don't even do courtesy replies to support tickets.
It is very difficult to cancel, not user friendly. Had to use to be able to unlock my treadmill.
app refuses to connect to my brand new treadmill. cannot use the app at all
Other reviews nailed it. You shouldn't have to trade privacy for functionality. Good treadmill, horrible app.
Unable to connect to my tablet and unable to get in contact with customer service beyond a virtual assistant.
I spent thousands on a Nordic-track machine believing that I could bluetooth link it to my devices via iFit. I spent several days attempting to link it as indicated by the setup instructions. I email customer service only to receive a response days later I can't because it's in the machine already. The fact I wouldn't be able to link my devices should have been made abundantly clear in the information available before I made the purchase. I feel suckered, and to say the least I am NOT satisfied.
Won't open on my pixel 2. Freezes on activate screen.
After several days failing to get the app to sync to my elliptical and not receiving any help from the company I finally just have up and cancelled my membership. So bummed because I was really looking forward to the studio classes. I should have read the reviews before i signed up.
I just want the treadmill to work without having to do this BS.
The English language does not have the words to adequately describe this app is. I can state one fact: I have a subscription to an app I cannot log into. It worked only enough to force a long video about nothing & allow a subscription. I'm sorry, wish I could leave a helpful review.
Workouts won't load when connected to my rower. Can only play workout videos when not connectrd to my machine. Garbage app.
why does this app need access to my photos, files, camera, etc? nope not
Run away as fast as you can. Worst customer service ever. Charged our Paypal acct $180 and then said we didn;t pay out membership even though we have the receipt form Paypal showing the $179.99 charge. Not only will they not give us our money back  but they will not give us access to the app.
Mostly terrible Hard to locate workouts , impossible to see your previous workouts or compete against yourself to get better. Workouts are good when you find one ,but such a shame you can't compete against others .overall not worth it
DOES NOT WORK! I have a 2019 x15i treadmill and I cannot connect my app to the machine, but I can connect to the ifit music.. also doesn't work with iPhone x. customer support is a complete joke at nordictrack, zero customer care unless I'm buying something.
Like many reviewers, I cannot get the app to load. Real shame as the machine requires a login to start working. I had to use my wife's iPhone.
Just had an update, and now some of my favorite series and such are missing?I wish I could cast the videos to my television. Currently, I am using my phone, and while it has a large screen for a phone, it would be great if I could cast to roku so I could do the workouts without squinting at my phone. Also, it does have some minor glitches with adding and removing programs to my schedule. And, it would be nice if I could track my meals on the app just like I can on the website.
they wont stop charging you
It doesn't work at all.
Major issues at the moment. Won't load my calendar, spends half of its time buffering and then hangs itself. Takes ages for a workout to load. I thought it was my treadmill, then read the reviews on here and found out it's the app. Checked the app on my phone and it's doing the same thing. Awful!!!!
Absolute garbage, obscenely expensive, poor support, buggy, unreliable. Paired with an equally awful Pro-Form elliptical trainer and immense sense of buyers remorse. This is probably the worse waste of money in my adult life. Annoying technical issues, mixed with arrogant narcissistic trainers & proprietary bluetooth communication protocols. Please don't buy equipment fitted with this iFit garbage, you'll absolutely regret it!
Forced to download app to unlock my treadmill.
You have to register and put a credit card to access anything. What happened to just buying a treadmill and just using it without all this random jargon. Not a fan of the weird cult message. Forced a video to watch. Couldn't back out of it.
Stopped logging me in.. wasted $15, no refund provided even when app cannot connect to device
There lack of development is frustrating!!
- unable to search, sort, filter. - unable to create my own challenges. Using ifit on pixel 3 and pro form treadmill.
Idid not want this app! I was forced to download this app after they required my credit card number just to turn on a treadmill for my elderly mother who wanted to walk to help her fight her cancer. Why do I need a fitness coach when all we needed was to turn on a treadmill? Why does it also need access to my media, contacts and other files? All she wants to do was walk and not die.
Unable to login to app or use it any way despite using their instructions. When ending membership, it will not allow you to submit a reason for cancellation (it never transitions to the next page). Adding to, they only offer yearly plans, so no chance of monthly subscription. Customer service kept trying to get me financing which does not address the issue.
Terrible design and almost impossible to use. You can't save an entire series or search by training. You can't search by difficulty (which is the worst) and the fact that they make you believe you need to buy the app to work the product is insane. I wish i wish would have read the reviews more before purchasing but the hassle to return it isnt worth it. I would rather use peloton app for workouts and just manually change the speed. Once my free month is over, I will be deactivating.
Why the hell does this app need to know my location and require access to my photos to work.
This app is garbage. Ifit has a platform that comes built onto many fitness machines. However the app to use such a feature requires a subscription (monthly fee). Therefor you pay a ridiculous amount of money to simply sync your phone with your machine.  Would give zero stars if possible.
Shouldn't have to buy just to get started
I cannot believe after paying top dollar for the equipment they want more money EVERY MONTH for this app!!!! Garbage!!!!!!
As everyone says...... terrible. Can't tell you how frustrating it is when you are ready to work out and spend 30 minutes trying to connect to the program and never do. Even the customer support chats says you are connected to someone via chat but nobody responds. So disappointing.
This app does not work on my Android Samsung phone.
Don't use it
I should have listened to the other reviews but I'm a dumbass. I just got the wristband for Christmas and despite my phone itself pairing with it, this stupid app won't. Now I'm pissed off. I'd give it zero stars if I could because I have yet to even get into it.
Goes to one page! Won't move from there.
Dont know how to use it, it is worthless!
bought the wristband and nothing would sync, couldn't use it, and then the app doesn't let you use it without paying 15 a month
This app sucks. I downloaded it and connected Bluetooth to my treadmill I bought and then I signed up for the coaching. And it says start my free trial. So I set up it up. It says I'm logged in but all it says every time I start the app is start your free trial. And then I hit anything and it tells me that I've already got a subscription going. No way to fix that and it's annoying. Can't get any of the trails can't get any of the extra workouts. Completely worthless in my opinion.
Sad can't paste password on Android
I am getting an ifit machine in a few days, so I downloaded the app to have a look at what I could expect. No way in hell am I giving this app access to my photos and files. Not going to happen. There is no need for you to have that. Are you telling me the rest of your users agreed to that? That is a ludacris overstep by your company. If the override doesn't work, I will just return the machine.
Why do you have to have my location and access to my contacts? Its none of your business where I am at or who my contacts are!!!!
the app is feature bare. it also has stopped connecting to my treadmill. now I'm trouble shooting it myself. the faqs have been worthless.
This has broken twice in the 4 weeks I've had it. The app sucks
Demanded access to photos and contacts. Would not work without it. My iFIT watch is useless without the app. Terrible design and marketing.
app is absolutely terrible and not user friendly.
This app is one of the least intuitive I've ever seen. With a membership of over $400 a year this is insane. Also, either I'm an idiot or there is no way to search the workouts. They have them organized by different things but there are tons of them. You should be able to search or filter by things like key word or location. And if it's something you can do, I cant find it. I've tried googling to find solutions. If I have to try that hard and still found nothing it's still a terrible app.
It is a shame that all Bluetooth capabilities of my treadmill are locked behind a paid subscription.
Treadmill is not working without app. To start installing app you have to provide your billing information including cvc and agree that they will autocharge you. On the phone app turns home screen landscape, shows part of the picture without scrolling. All action items are hidden. App is not working on the phone, there is no app for mac. You spent thousand dollars on treadmill, provided them billing information agreed on autopainment and got nothing. Awesome business.
App is terrible. Won't load videos, can't stay connected to machine, workouts are impossible to search efficiently, manual workout screen freezes for over a minute unacceptably often. The free trial is overpriced. I will NEVER pay for this service. Maybe if iFit realizes that people are using their service to assist in fitness, not to navigate endless menus and reset/reconnect repeatedly. Maybe, possibly, I might consider paying for their service.
This is probably the worst spin-cycle app I've tried.I bought the bike which is actually great but I've been using it with other apps and classes because I hate the fit classes so much.None of them are to music and it's basically instructors calmly telling you "well let's go a bit faster now".It's the most unmotivating thing I've tried so the installed screen is worthless because I use my tablet to do rides with echelon and peloton. Don't use this if you want to feed off instructor/music energy
Awful level of testing before versions are released.
There should be no reason for a 'free trial' to require credit card info. Especially when the product is also advertised for use with the phone app - with no subscription required. At least now I know what product brand not to buy again, and definitely not recommend.
Great concept if it worked but it rarely works. Constant buffering interprets the workout. Frequent app crashes during workout and you can't go back to where you left off! I just did half a workout that 5 minutes in only had audio and a constant video buffering signal then crashed 15 minutes into a 30 minute workout, that was a safe of times I can't restart where I left off. Be prepared to get and leave frustrated with this app. Seems like IFit needs to work on their servers.
No search function on a subscription service that totals a couple hundred a year? This app should be completely intuitive for that price.
After the 3 day it stopped working and doesn't connect to my treadmill I was only using it on manual mode and to keep track
solo se ve trabajo manual desde mi celular, nos se logran ver los videos interactivos
I hate that I am required to download this app in order to activate my treadmill
In-app purchases is a bit inaccurate. Usually this means there's stuff to buy in the otherwise functional app, but the stuff is optional. This application can't be used at all without an expensive membership. Trying to link the treadmill to the software I have to use for my post-surgery rehab can't work without it. Thanks, Pro-Form.
I can't get it started
I've uninstalled and downloaded twice now and it still won't open. Just see a white screen.
Connected my threadmill which is now completely blocked! Just want the control of my machine back! DO NOT install unless you want to stop that workout... 1 week after..still broken, hardly any support from ifit (except from: turn off turn the machine)... 9 days now..still no response, no support, no help. Machine still broken Update..1 month in..still NO support nor sollution. Support number does not work. Had to trash my machine. Unbelievable!! I repeat..Do NOT install
Well.. I can't believe it.. got completely suckered. And sad to say I can't rate this any lower.. website scams you into personal info to rob you further down the line.. birthday ect... Credit card info gained earlier... How nice... App does nothing... Glorious. Don't waste your time... It's a scam... Then after they get your info.. they say,." Your all set..". For what ?... to get ripped off. Please. I want my money back...!!! Calling FBI
if i had a choice this review would have been zero stars. They force you to provide your personal data that they collect and have the rightto sell, just to activate a piece of equipment.
I can't even get the stupid thing to download. The ux on this thing is a nightmare, especially given the cost.
Why do I have to activate this.....why do I need to share more data.....I hate these things. What a waste!
I have to pay $15 a month to pair my phone.. What a joke
You have to pay for everything .can't even try the free trial without a commitment . I already spent the money for the equipment least you can do is provide something that doesn't require more money if so then the app shouldn't be free
Can't use my new treadmill, Bluetooth won't pair
It works which is why it got a 2. Barely. Frankly this app isn't even worthy of a D grade if it was submitted as a high school project. Hundreds of videos and no search feature? The most basic of needs they don't have. Honestly makes the whole concept barely useful. I have to scroll thru hundreds of videos? Create map on laptop and unless I save to favorites I'll never find it again. Peloton app does it right. Get your act together iFit. Think twice. It brings the value of the equipment way down
Ifit trainers are so-so. The app is difficult to use. Looses workout signal/stream frequently. Customer service is non-existent. Only ONE tablet can be connected; any other family member must use the ONE TABLET that can be connected. Serious waste of both time and money.
I had an awful experience with the app for the last 9 months. The videos were buffering all the time and nobody in iFit could help me (but I appreciate they try). I proceeded according with the recommendations: invested in an upgraded router, etc. Apparently the app need 25MB or more for the videos to run smoothly (I suggest to fix that because not everyone can afford $ that). I'm wondering: how can I watch movies online and workout with a free youtube spinning videos without buffering? 🤔
your in-console app can't connect to the app from a tablet or smartphone. despite all the Bluetooth technology being in place. my phone and tablet can both see my equipment but can't connect to it. what kind of lazy programming is that? the use case is clear, in that the tablet screen is often bigger, better quality, easier to see, and adjustable for when your own trainers have users dismount their equipment for other exercise. this is a glaring failure on your behalf, and you need to fix this
Forces you to sign up. I wanted my wife to be able to track her workouts with the app, but I cannot find any way to do so without commiting to a paid subscription.
This is a requirement for you to download to use their equipment. They make you put your credit card info after you've spent hundreds of dollars on their equipment for a subscription to their useless app. If you're interested in looking at someone else running through landscapes while you're working out in the same four walls everyday then this is perfect for you. If not it's a complete waste. Save your time and money and don't download.
I was charged after I unsubscribe
Doesnt connect to brand new Nordictrack 2450. The instructions explain a process that doesnt exist on the machine. There is no bluetooth button, only bluetooth audio.
Money sucker
Even though my treadmill is paired with my phone with no problems, the app cannot detect it no matter what I do. The same happened to my girlfriend on her iphone. This is garbage, all I want is to have the video audio come through my bluetooth headphones, something really common and simple. If I could give less than 1 star, I would.
You have to go through a iFit registration what a hassle to just getting started to use YOUR treadmill
Logging in was a nightmare, tried to login with Facebook, it said I already had an account, then I tried to log in with my account it said I didn't have one, when I tried to make one it said my email address was already being used. After about 30 minutes of wasting my time trying to figure out what was going on, it somehow started working even though I didn't do anything differently. Then it forces you to sit through this 3 minute video with Chad Prime which ultimately tries to sell you their 🗑
Does the app ever work anymore? For the past year I've had next to no issues. This last month has been nothing but problems. The workouts randomly won't save and half the time my schedule disappears from day to day.
App / serivce sucks. Purchased a new treadmill and it gives no option to use any services on the treadmill without the stupid subscription. Will be returning the treadmill.
Not compatible with the Note 9
Tried downloading it goes it goes to a white screen paid all this money for the equipment and your app don't work and cost money that's bullcrap.
Can't get past address input.
There are absolutely 0 reasons why I should have to install an app and activate location services in order to activate a treadmill but here we are. Installed it, made sure I could use my treadmill, then promptly uninstalled.
This whole premise of spending a thousand dollars to have to pay more per month to use the machine you bought is terrible. Combine that with the fact the app tracks your location and can read your files and that they are probably selling user data means this gets the worst possible rating from me for being very unfriendly to their own customers.
Needs access to my pics and its not getting them. Creepy af
Absolute trash. Billed me and wouldn't let me log in.
Does not connect to my Nordictrack bike. It'll get my inform from site but still shows me treadmill/ running workouts though I've chosen cycling. Also keeps trying to look for bluetooth until I clear data and sign up again. But that's only a short term fix until it does it again days later. There is really no use for this app as is.
Terrible user experience. Why does it require photo and video access to run even. Usability nightmare. Forget about using the ifit com site on a mobile device. :(
App will only allow manual mode even though I have an annual subscription. It worked fine at first and now nothing.
It won't download. I complained on it's website chat and no answer for 3 days yet.
A pain to set up. No tech support.
YOU DONT NEED THIS MEMBERSHIP TO ACTIVATE. It's a scam, if u payed for a weslo treadmill hold down the Bluetooth button until it turns green. They don't want you to know this that's why it's not in the manual.
Why does it need my pictures?
This app is useless! It says free trial for 30 days and I only tried to use it once and decided it's not for me. I cancelled bit they still charged me!!!!!!
poor and i have to sign up to use the teadmill and it only says hello horrible process
Worst set up experience ever. Makes me want to take the machine back
App will not open. Reinstalled but still just blank white screen. Awfully frustrating when I've spent all this money.
its doesn't work how do i cancel my memebership
garbage
Since last update incline on treadmill isn't working automatically. Hard to search functionality on app. Probably will not renew subscription. *#edit to say all app functions are working again, makes a difference...love it # edit why have you ruined it again?
I purchased this app for use with my treadmill. Had trouble from start with it loading. Used it twice, called to cancel membership was told it was cancelled but continued to be charged for 3 additional months. Canceled with Google Play and wrote to developer. No response or refund!!!
It won't load workouts! My equipment connects to it but the App just does not work. I've sent multiple help requests and still no fix.
This app doesn't open. I just purchased a subscription
Not connecting to my treadmill. Customer service emailed me back saying its redundant to connect to my app since the touchscreen has the same exact options.
Poor interface. Difficult to browse, calendar doesn't work well, unable to fast forward through workout if you want to come back and finish later, freezes, sometimes won't save workout.
I paid 1700 dollars for this Nordictrack and it won't pair up with with my Smartphone. I was told by the salesman that the deck would raise up and down with the workout screen. I wish I would have bought a Bowflex. Why bother to use the app if it doesn't pair.
Lack of information to start using the app
ifit charged me 144 dollars when the site says it will be 10 dollars per month.
So far Im finding it totally worthless....sign in, create acct, all it does is say hello...no other instructions ...nothing!So who do you contact when it doesn't work...forced to sign up to unlock ProForm bike...why???
I got a free one year plan with my purchase but they have charged me too times now and no reply from their so called support I enjoy the workouts but i want what I am due
It crashes 2 out of 3 times, takes 3-4 tries to connect to my machine, horribly underestimates calories and takes about 2 minutes to reopen if I switch apps to text or do anything other than make my phone useless for the duration of my workout. The only plus is it doesn't drain my battery like Uber. I thought the uhaul app was the worst I've ever used but this is way worse.
tried for about 15min to get the bluetooth working then just gave up
Welp, I can't even begin to use it because it crashes as soon as I enter anything. So glad I have bluetooth that I can't use because it has to go through this broken app.
Horrible, cancelled this app and still got charged- I'm up to my 3rd time cancelling after being billed incorrectly! Be warned!!!
Why does it require such outrageous permissions? It must be part of the cia.
Takes forever to load and its just a blank page at times! Ridiculous!
Can't use app. It gives me permission options, but won't run with the options I have chosen and now won't even open. Worthless app on my phone now.
I only want to give access when I am using the app. Like was offered but actually they want complete access which is unnecessary. So I uninstalled.
won't load very frustrating
Does not connect
None of the if iFit apps (apps that are moderated by iFit) are connecting to my Link. It says that it's connected, then tells me that I'm connected to more than one device and doesn't record anything that I do. Waste. Of. My. Time.
Useless. This is the 3rd time ive had to delet the app and inatall it again. I likes having some one guide me , but this is just not working for me. They need to do some major upgrading for me to come back to this.
No English
Completely outrageous that this is required to activate my treadmill. Oh how tech has turned for the worse
does this not support IFIt Women's Duo Round Fitness Tracker ?
iFit is the worst app I have ever had. I only installed it to activate my treadmill, and never used it again. Despite many attempts at cancelling the membership, the app/Google playstore continue charging me.
Signs me out every time I open it. I have to type in my address each time.
Not really useful and provides no information.
Can't link to Google Fit, Strava, Runkeeper, etc. Hello? This app is a walled garden of uselessness. Fix it and you get 5 stars.
Why in the world you need my location??!! Why is there no privacy in the world anymore!!
Required to get my machine past the hello display. Which also required I give a credit card and accept their free trial. Extortion.
App closes constantly. Can't even get a workout to load.
NOTE: the family membership is useless. When you want to add a family member's profile it needs a new email address. We all have the same home email. I don't want to use our secondary work and / or school emails. Why can't I add profiles to my family account? I paid for 4 profiles and I should be able to add them without sending an email invite. It does not let you add more than one profile per email address, even when that account is registered as a family membership.
Asking for access to my information. Why does it matter for phone and photos?
I am trying to activate a treadmill and cannot do so without signing up for ifit, including giving access to files and photos. I will be calling nordictrack tomorrow morning.
Required install to power on a new treadmill. Requires access to media and location on my phone, not sure why that is needed to turn on my treadmill... Definitely avoid this one.
App would not go past bluetooth connection search. Phone had already paired with device but app does not see it. Does anyone test these apps? went through trouble shooting hints still does not work. guess I will look to see if someone else had an app that works.
Still won't connect to my nordictrack. Garbage app.
Not my app
I bought a crosstrainer machine brand new had ifit enabled. I was so excited about until i realised this app can not be used without monthly subscription. Not even has basic features. Why did i buy $ 2000 machine and misled witg ifit
Will not let me use without giving away permission to access my phone data and location. Not cool. Do better Icon
The app won't even launch. I uninstalled it and reinstalled it three times.
The app that was told to download does not work I can not sync from tablet to treadmill! The ifit cardio app does not exist, unless it was upgraded to what's out there if there is something else I need to do please let me know!!!!!!
wont let me log in. 👎
Crashes immediately after original email entry every time. On my first attempt I made it to pairing and discovered the treadmill, then crashed. Since then haven't even made it that far in any subsequent attempt and haven't been able to make even a login password. Using Galaxy s9.
not the easiest nordic🤔
You should be able to track your workouts with the equipment you purchased for free.  However, you can't with iFit.  There's other equipment with apps that do this way better.  If you're buying any NordiTrack equipment thinking it's going to come with some type of free workout tracking - DON'T!
Uninstalled within 1min. Don't force people to enter credit card details, date of birth, etc, before they can access their 'free trial'!! Instead, prove your value first, and only then, ask for people's private/payment details. Have some faith in your product - if it is truly valuable then people will pay. Sadly, you lost me
app worked really well the 1st day and I did enjoy it. now the screen goes black or white whenever I try opening the app. I had to delete the app, redownload the app, and put in information again for the app to work. I'm guessing I'm gonna have to do this everytime I want to pull up the app?
I dont understand why this app needs access to location, contacts, media, and videos to work.............. I am not the one presenting content. Hard nope.
Bought a Nordic treadmill and I was forced to create an account with these ********, give them my credit card, and download this stupid app just to get the treadmill to turn on. I don't appreciate getting hijacked and conned into this just to use a piece of equipment I already paid for. I immediately went to cancel the subscription which was no easy thing to do. Shady business practices and I won't use this app on principle.
I could not use it because it kept crashing.
Loved the app on my Samsung S9 but it just closes after I "agree" to any workout on my MotoG Power.
DOES NOT WORK WITH THE S22i. Wife and I bought the S22i and it's great but it is currently advertised as having app connectivity. this app only connects via bluetooth and the bike only has wifi. This is really false advertising. we love the bike we just wish nordictrack had it together as a company. - In response to the developer. So you are saying they are two DIFFERENT apps. The bike tablet and this one. No this does not meet my expectations. My expectation was an app to work WITH the bike.
Nordic track software just sucks, period
buy a treadmill and this is junk.
This was the worst experience of my life. The app is terrible and if you don't use their app you can't use any of the workout reasons you would pay this much for the machine. You can spend 2/3 less for a workout machine that just gives you a workout. Manditory $21.00 a month for the IFit account just to have access to your workout info is rediculess.
complete rip off. useless software that you are required to install in order to use most of the features of your equipment. this company is ripping off thousands of people every day.
Dumb....Adjusts based on the terrain of the program. Nice function, but when you select a begginer workout you don't expect to see a incline of 14. Must have been meant for CPT America and his team.
doesn't work
The app is good, but they billed me after I cancelled and won't give my money back
Video does not load on Samsung tablet
Can't access any of the content I paid for. Reinstalled, even got a new phone. Just doesn't work. Waste of $$
App is absolute garbage. I only got it to use my ifit band and it wont pair to the app even though it paired to phone. I cant do anything else with the app without an obnoxiously overpriced subscription. Looks like I'll be taking the ifit band back too since I cant use it without syncing to the app.
the apo doesn't work. I have an a account after login in it keeo sending me to the first window ti log in. I don't know maybe you have to pay to see the proform info here. If I don't have the I coach can I use this app? really annoyed.
All of my favorites which I spent a long time adding over the past few months have disappeared!!
This was a required download to activate my equipment. That's annoying.
Can't figure out how to connect to NordicTrack treadmill
It won't even open so I can use it
I was forced to download this app and sign up for a membership in order to use my treadmill. Total BS.
I have a T8.5 S and this app will NOT connect. This treadmill is supposed to be bluetooth enabled but will not connect to anything. False advertising and two weeks on "hold" with customer support led to nothing.
Can't sign up because I can't enter my date of birth on Android. Pretty bad start to the app..
Not going to pay for it. Beachbody is free.
Why do I have to pay for this....just go on youtube and watch running videos and use your step watch and use your Samsung health app and there.....track everything....record everything.....disappointed in the app
I could not sync the app to my machine. Troubleshooting takes up too much of my time, so I cancelled my membership and deleted the app. I'll just use the preloaded workouts on my bike, stream Pandora for my music, and call it a day.
waste of time crashes
Quite possibly the worst app I have ever seen. If I could give it zero stars, I would. Just doesn't work on my phone (motorola g7). It installs and comes up, but the screen rotates horizontally and freezes.
Well app will not even open on my phone. Very disappointing
horrible customer service, avoid at all costs. Their raggedy billing system wiped record of my 6 month gift subscription after 2 weeks and they had no resolution but to pay for a new membership.
doesn't start just downloaded it. I submit my email yo register and nothing happens
They fraud don't try 30 days free trail and don't give ur credit card details. First day they charge me @15 instead of 30 day free .I try to connect them they don't response. I emailed them with Snapshots and detailed what they did wrong after 8 days no response.i feel ripped
Worst expirence ever this app sucks and steal your money does not let you downgrade
useless
All I've ever wanted, since buying my Pro-Form Elliptical, is to use the Bluetooth speaker, but you still can't use it without the app, and the app is USELESS unless you pay for the membership. I keep checking for updates hoping it will be fixed, but no. Big 5 and Pro-Form are also on my naughty list because they advertise as having a Bluetooth speaker but don't specify you have to pay a monthly membership for that Bluetooth service. So pay attention guys if this is offered as your Bluetooth sys
Support is terrible, pay £12pm, have contacted twice now and not replied to either. Will be definitely be cancelling.
Can't use it unless you have a membership
not helpful, just trying to sell you coaching
Nice to see the addition of video. Seems to be a pretty nice update from  the previous iFit Bluetooth Tablet app. Seems to work OK on my 2nd  generation Nexus 7 tablet however it would not run on my Google Pixelbook.  Lowered my rating after a few workouts. Drops Bluetooth connection multiple  times during workout and can be stubborn to connect. Lowered my rating  again. App cannot be run subsequent times without force stopping. Complete garbage. I cannot for the life of me understand how this company continues to sell this garbage.  Updated 8/25/2018.  App at least runs on PixelBook and device shows up in Bluetooth with 100% signal but still cannot connct via Bluetooth.  This application has never worked on any Android device using Bluetooth.  Awful.
No way to disable the annoying feed.fm pop up or to stop it from playing over my own music! Please fix
Just bought a new powerful tablet to run the Ifit app. Ifit crashes out every time it runs. Not good. Also, they want your credit card details straight away. Canceled sub and uninstalled.
I canceled this service months ago and it still keeps charging me. Trying to get int touch with someone on the phone is impossible and my account showed inactive and they kept charging me. Now that I have complained they re-activated my account without permission (to validate the charges I guess) and tried to cancel even that and it won't let me. Still no word form anyone but a bunch of chat submissions with no response. I don't even have a treadmill anymore. There is NO app on my phone and it won't let me delete billing information on my account trapping me in for more charges. This is so frustrating!!! I am ripped off over $30 for nothing. They can even see it hasn't been used.  I submitted a complaint to google and paypal trying to get it to stop. Horrible customer service.
Useless every time it opens it freezes and you have no menu options an uninstalled it and reinstalled it several times.
Bought a treadmill, nowhere on the vendor page did it mention ifit. Had to go through an annoyingly long registration where they would not allow my treadmill to work without giving them my credit card number and info. After installing this garbage app and getting my treadmill to turn on, I went to remove my card from the account only to find that they will not allow me to remove it and there must be a valid credit card number attached to the account even if the subscription has been terminated.  Annoying and a waste of time, buy a different treadmill that doesn't require this nonsense, and if you accidentally buy one like I did, see what the return policy is and make it clear to the vendor that you will not support this kind of business practice.  I will be uninstalling the app and doing everything in my power to discourage others from ever purchasing an ifit product or in any way supporting their company. Get bent iFit.
Doesn't even open
If there was a lower star I would give it. Tried to hook this up and it wanted all this info. I decided against it. Now my bike does nothing. The console for time, miles, and everything else doesn't work.
Worst piece is software one would ever encounter. Where do i even start? Most unituitive UX (eg: every time you invoke the app, have to provide the credentials, no way of staying logged in), inconsistent functionality (eg: it would not allow you to look at other screens, when you start the app, it will only look to connect to the equipment via Bluetooth), crappy implementation (eg: misses losing workouts in the calendar, although it has connected to the equip during workout). Get professionals.
We've tried to set this app up on three devices. A Moto g7, a Samsung tab 3 and a pixel 4xl. On the g7 the screen is forced to be landscape and you can't get past the first screen. On the tab 3 it won't even install. On the pixel 4 xl I can get past the first screen but it's just a blank white screen. I guess the moral of the story is don't by anything "i" unless you have an apple device.
Worst app ever, definitely needs to be improved. Won't let me go past entering my email. App closes all the time. Even tried to uninstall and reinstall the app and still closes on me. pretty sad when I spent alot of money on my treadmill. Very disappointed!
Doesn't work on Galaxy Tab even though it has android OS.
Worst user interface ever. How about a search option?
This app is horrible. The workouts themselves are fine but app doesn't let you see anything but the most basic stats, not even your dashboard. Further, their website is severely not mobile friendly so they literally want you to log in on a computer 100% of the time to track your progress. Hardly what I want to do each time I finish a workout. As other reviews say, we're paying for this. Please take our money & bring your product into this century. Otherwise, I'm out & taking my money with me.
Great idea. Terrible execution. Does not pair to my brand new elliptical. App freezes and closes randomly. Customer support is a 45 minute wait. Truly inexcusable when accompanying a $2,000 brand new machine.
The app pause time for my treadmill constantly changes. When I first got my treadmill it was set to 10 minutes. One day the app is updated and the pause decreases to 2 minutes. This same pattern has happened twice now and it's currently set to 2 minutes. This is annoying if I want to pause the treadmill and do intervals doing a different exercise. Keep it at 10 minutes or allow it to be changed in settings. Regression test your app!
I want to love this app, but when linked up to my Nordic Track Fusion, I can't get through a workout without the video buffering every single minute. If this could be fixed I would change rating to excellent. But I can't get through a workout without at least 5 minutes buffering time. It is maddening!!
On the website it says the new app (this app) can cast to a TV and the lie detector determined that was a lie. It doesn't have the ability to cast, the only way is like previously by mirroring your phone.
You like to suffer, go ahead use it. Good ideas bad realization, they are up for a disruption.
I really like ifit on the treadmill. I've just started using the website so I can't comment on it. The phone app is garbage. I can open the app one time then if I try to use it again I have to restart my phone. I'm going to delete it or just stop using it because it freezes my phone every single time.
Keeps dropping connection. App won't stay connected during the work out. Needs extreme improvements.
Terrible software
It won't open unless I uninstall & install..... Day 2 of me experiencing this and I'm wondering how to fix it..... Anyone know? This is super frustrating & not what I was expecting
Very poor since latest update (14 Jan 2021). Loads of features have disappeared and screen is locked in wrong orientation much of the time.
Apparently I have paid for 2 months worth of subscription but it says I dont have an active account?
Save your money, go with different app
Always crashing
App is horrible. Crashes consistently, always loading when trying to log into on with classes but never allow you into the class since I always get a message saying loading error. This app just doesn't work for me
Thought I would try to get the hang of this app while waiting for my rower to be delivered, but every other time I try to open it it crashes and I have to restart my phone.
Sorry you just bought one of these machines. Yah they don't really care and are going to charge you extra sht if you want to use the app. P.d I don't have a clue what the Bluetooth is for either.
Bought an ifit from Menards. Apparently you can't use it unless you pay for a membership through this app.
Near useless and impossible to navigate. Geared towards getting you to pay money.
Notsure
Very buggy and mostly does not open
Won't even let me download it
I am in australia and this app only recognises usa address when trying to enter details. Are you serious?
RUN from anything ICON fitness. They delivered a defective product and had no control over the EFW who they chose to pick it up. The IFIY app also contains very little supportive material. Find another option! They delivered a defective product and had no control over the vendor they chose to pick it up. The eye 5th app also contains very little supportive material. Find another option!
So buggy. Can't pre-download video workouts and use offline. Can't edit already created manual workouts. Its unbelievable how much not user friendly this is. Do not waste your money on an iFit membership. Idea is great. Execution is so bad.
Email sent to this company not even a reply about an issue experienced due to being kicked out trying every run for 10 days via the method I use. The issue seem to be with there server not recognising the android device so all they seem to be interested in at the moment is the money not the app or your enjoyment.
Your app is very glitchy
I should not have to use a app just to start a treadmill. This is unnecessary. I will be deleting this asap!!!!!
Trash app full of marking and corporate speak masquerading as a fitness app
Scam, took $600 to renew membership without my consent. Unable to contact via email or phone for refund!
I can never open the app, I was very excited about it, but very disappointed 😞
My Pro-form exercise bike (purchased at kohl's) came with a sticker over the display that claimed my bike wouldn't work unless I went online and joined ifit, so I did and realized it was a total lie. My bike doesn't even have Bluetooth technology to sync up with the app so I did not have to join or install this app to use my bike at all. Ifit uses blatant fraudulent advertising to trick people into paying for an unnecessary monthly subscription. Shame on you.
Can't find monthly or yearly stats, search function is lacking in options. Categories are a mess
Forced to watch unskipable video to start, forced to sign up for a subscription just to see data from the bike. I just want a dashboard, I don't need a trainer subscription. I would give it negative stars if I could. Total scum.
$14.99/mo!? What a joke! I just want to be able to use something other than the pre-programmed workouts on my elliptical. I don't need virtual workouts, classes and coaches. You guys need a tiered pricing plan that doesn't force customers to pay for a bunch of stuff they don't want.
You have to sign up and pay a monthly fee just to use a thread mill , stupid
Payment issues
I only been using this app on my nordictrack treadmill for three day's and I am so frustrated with it. The app keeps crashing and sometimes it doesn't even save my workout. I just don't understand you guys are getting several complaints and bad reviews and you not doing anything about it. If this app doesn't get fix I will not renew my subscription.
Doesn't work. I installed on 2 devices (Samsung and Huawei tablets). App opens, but when invoking a drill, both shuts down and restart the App. OS of my tablets are: Android 6 for Samsung Emui 8 (Android 8) for Huawei I reinstalled the App, but didnt work.
The integration with your exercise equipment is a key part of the value proposition. And for my bike it only changes the resistance in the 1-6 range on a scale of 1-16. This basically ruins the integration.
Ever time I try to do a workout it closes out the app, seriously not happy
Boring and slow. Videos are lame
Can't even use the built in speakers without this app, which I can't use without paying a monthly fee. There should be a tiered payment system.
Don't use
I subscribed and can use it on iPhone but Android version collepse when I choose a program before the video started. On Huawei P10 tablet.
Have to restart phone to get it to work half the time then there are times after workout it shows an error and doesn't save workout.
App keeps closing when i open. It used to work fine and now i cant even open it.
DO NOT pay for this app using Google Play. iFit will NOT see your payment and will NEVER activate your account. You have to call them to get it corrected. I don't even know why they offer payment through Google Play. Three months in a row I've had this happen. My account gets cut off because iFit doesn't know that I paid through Google. iFit has great trainers and workouts. You do have to hunt for them a bit, but the motivation from the coaches is great. It's way better than just riding on your own. Pay iFit directly and it's fine.
Website is not functional... won't work with Android... nordic Bluetooth system not functional without it!!! What a load of rubbish!!!
I got it to open once but never again.
This is the worst app I have ever used. Thankfully it was free except for my stationary is now useless for interactive riding. Half of the rides don't work, they lock up my phone and the only resolution is to restart my phone. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it several times or it just returns to the same locked up condition. Stir clear of this app and the Tour de France bike.
Stay away. After $30 I still can't get the thing to work and Customer service keeps passing the buck. Now I gotta chase the over charge down and get it credited. 1 hour on the phone with Ifit and nothing. In the end they said call Proform. Proform says it's the app. All of them can Kiss the moon. Waste of 4 human hours accomplishing nothing. Post an alternative to Ifit if you can Ifit app keeps asking me to join. I I#%$^& Joined and paid 2x to get it to work. Let me see what's out there besides Ifit. Do not recommend ever, even trying it is a pain. Peddling on.
Just kind of useless. Doesn't display my rowing stats, so....not getting the point.
Macros listed are not accurate. 6oz chicken breast is not 92 grams of protein. App is easy to use but a waste of time because it's just not accurate.
Looked good and I would buy premium but I only got to adding food and it just randomly crashes constantly, on Samsung Galaxy Note 9
keeps freezing
Created a recipe and all the ingredient nutrition values were set to 0. This app does not work
Useless. The food database/functionality is entirely useless. One can't add, say 50g of red onions on the fly. In order to do so, I would have to calculate all the nutrients by myself and add it as a custom food - beats the purpose of using an app. I might as well be using a calculator and paper notes. The interface (appereance wise) is great though.
Very good app, however this is the second time this has happened now where I regularly go onto the app to find out all of my saved foods and previous history and macros of each day have miraculously disappeared and I dont know what to do, I hope someone can help to restore all my data as this is a major inconvenience
Edit... Dev you're not reading properly. Your app is inaccurate. Not intuitive. Inaccurate body fat and bmi info and I can change bf but not bmi. It's not worth contacting support.... If it's not easy to use it sucks
Was working really well then when I went in to track my foods for the day all of my foods and recipes had disappeared! Very annoyed as it had taken ages to add all foods and to be honest I dont want to go through it incase it deletes them all again. Disappointed.
Inaccurate counting! Yesterday it said I had eaten 1300, but when I multiplied the total macros with their calories (carbs: 4cal per gram, same for protein and fat 9cal per gram) it was actually 1500! If one is trying to lose fat, an inaccuracy of 200-300 cals per day can sabotage results. I'm switching to my fitness pal. Bye.
Most of the food items calorie count is not accurate
i really liked the App, but unfortunately it keeps freezing & i have to restart my phone for it to work each time
It's great until one day all my data disappeared..
Waste of time! Barcode scanner does not put in nutritional info! You scan the barcode and then it tells you you have to manually put in every single macro item value. There is no existing database of foods. Not at all what I was hoping for.
Waste of time ...this app doesn't have food database or its not showing any food to add ...or format ...better to use pen and paper... Uninstalling now.
Great Ap Keeps Crashing very disappointing. uninstalled
Waste of time
its not at all user friendly..worst app
The ap deleted my data then set me uo to be a male 23. Tried resetting back to me female 51 took all the information but will not allow me to do a low carb diet. 250 grams of carbs too high for me.
Thus is just useless.
Worst app I've ever seen I just downloaded it and was setting my goals and its crashed four times before i could set my goals so it was a instant delete
Keeps crashing when trying to add a food
Great app but too many little things that get the blood boiling. You accidentally press back instead of save on a recipe then you lose it all, it's not that easy to remember the exact weights for a whole family meal. Many little similar things that arent ideal for an app like this, also tells me I should be having 200 kcals less than any other reputable site. Like I say, good app just a shame it seems it's been designed to trigger me
I couldn't get the app to remember my profile. I had to reset everything every day. I didn't get a response at all when I requested help.😤
Makes little sense. Sentences, macros, divisions of meals - not very good unfortunately.
Plus is subsciption only. No outright purchase.
Not a great app. Requires a lot of refinement to make it user friendly. There's not even an option to add a specific weight of food. (foe example; not all chicken breasts weigh the same) guestimation is not really ideal when tracking macros.
Tap to add a food to my breakfast and keeps spinning forever. Won't add anything. It does not work, time waste. Uninstalling.
Uninstalled after trying to start using it twice. Filled out all of the profile but it still says it needs all fields to be completed. Over it. Waste of time.
This app requires you to choose between male or female.
I am unable to enter daily food, making it unable to track my day to day 
macros
Can't do the basic functionality without paying. I just want to see what my ratios are. Everything else is just tacked on features that any other fitness apps provide.
I'm not able to add exercises, it continually says that there is none found. I also wasn't able to add most foods without adding them manually.
Glitchy
It wont even down load...why? I've even deleted apps incase it needed 
room...nothing! Takes forever saying its installing then ..nothing
I can't seem to add my food items today in the food diary the app used to 
work great the problem started from today and Idk how to fix it. I already 
emailed and contacted the email mentioned on the app but I haven't gotten 
any reply
constantly crashed. very frustrating to use.
Units used don't suit me
loved it until it froze. Also does not let me adjust caloric intake in goals.
Apparently,a bodybuilder diet consists of 540g protein. wow.
looks great but i can not see past my first entry......
No manual entry for servings that vary during meal prep. Plus meal entry alone is a chore and pain in the butt. Copy and paste foods does nothing. I spent a hour adding my entire pantry by the ounce so I could use that as a servings guide. I.e. 6.6 oz of chicken breast =6.2 1 oz servings only to find I can't use anything I just put in. What gives. Pen and paper works better. Why can't you just make a app that I can directly put in my macros and add it to my daily fuel intake.
App doesn't actually track your food intake. Only preset numbers for changing macros, not that it matters because again it doesn't track your food intake. Uninstalled!
Couldn't add food
Scanned two items and the information was inaccurate. Tried creating a new listing and editing the info and it was an absolute nightmare. Wouldn't suggest this app if you want accurate info.
took forever to load items. uninstalled
Terribly laid out.
worked great for a day, now it freezes every time I open it. useless.
worked great until today, super broken and freezes up!
it's input macro doesnt match it's calories. if i hit all or exceed my macro than the calories should be equal or greater than the macro recommend. However, it fails to calculate and will say u havent meet your caloric goals even tho u hit your macro.
Paying for the Add free version of this app with a subscription fee is so dumb. I will never pay for this. Putting a subscription fee on apps like this is so scummy, taking advantage of people trying to get healthy by overcharging them for a calculator. That's what this app is. I could do everything this app does in a spreadsheet. This is a more convenient way but is it $3 a month for the rest of my natural life convenient? No. Across the rest of my life it would cost over a $1000.
Won't show % to grams unless you pay £10 monthly
I love this app but this morning it was completely reset???all my stats are gone!Why?
Nothing better than an Excel sheet, except you have to be connected to the internet to use it so they can show you ads
Good for making it easy for beginners. But cant customize exact macros and 
calories which is what I was hoping for.
It is not correct
Stupid design, doesn't track WHEN food is eaten, just that you had meals. So a) it can't do anything like plotting glycaemic load throughout the day, and b) if you eat something extra like a snack, you have to add it to a meal, not as its own thing. Also forces you to particular targets they you might not agree with. Developers response to this missed the point, by the way.
This app is extremely inaccutate in food values, and you have to upgrade to a paid account to manually enter values.
crashing
kiki
Sucks
Keeps freezing up my phone every couple minutes. Crashes repeatedly. About to uninstall.
No instructions,  no help, no exit button.  Could not figure out how to enter my foods or look up their macro profiles.  Apparently you have to enter all that yourself.  Useless app.
ridiculous half the food are not listed
UPDATE: I still kept using the app until now to give it some time to improve. But when trying to open it today, all my personal data and dietary information was just gone. So, a few years worth of information had been wiped off. So, enough is enough. App is great, but since the last update it always has to be online now whenever you're trying to use it. I can't even see my daily menu without being connected to internet. So, no use for me anymore. Moving on!
Don't waste your time. I entered 10 foods and as soon as I created a recipe, the calculator displays total macro values at 0.
Its rubbish. It doesn't work
Dogshit. Can't sign up if you're under 18, and even then there's no 
nutrient and calorie calculator for your own made meals.
freezes alllllll the time. i have to sometimes open and close it multiple times to get it to work. Only app on my phone thay does this.
Misses out so many essential nutritents
App looks good and has great functionality but it crashes often, especially when picking and creating foods and recipes. All my recipes and foods just disappeared as well! Edit: They came back, but it all just seems very unreliable. I do want to keep using the app but it's a bit too buggy currently. Edit 2: everything disappeared again. It keeps logging me out of my account and doesnt fetch the stored foods and tracked days I guess? Or they never get stored online in the first place.
Food entry is a joke - barcode and online searching doesn't work and you want us to buy the ad free version. Uninstalled.
waaaay too far of what I actually need
using in s9 and it doesn't load any items in the library. says no foods can be found for everything. driving me nuts as it worked perfectly on my s8. please fix
For well over a week this app worked great. They have an amazing library of food and it was easy and intuitive to set up and use. Got me hooked. Which is why it it so maddening and disappointing when it started glitching. It started to struggle the more info you added and now it just shuts down or freezes when I open it. Biggest disappointment is all the recipes and meal data I inputted that I will have to transfer to a new app! Frustrating!
I used to love this app but now it keeps freezing every time I open it. This makes it useless now.
Useless. Can only calculate macros, doesn't track them.
not so good.
awful app used it a good 2-3 months freezed all the time and kicked menoff occasionally, also deleted all of ny data every food i put on all my past entrys. gone. will not use again and dont recomend.
Since downloading this app, I have received a daily text from different numbers trying to sell me on weight loss supplements. Do not download this app!!!
App is unusuable. Freezes immediately upon opening.
Huge ads. Can't even edit calories or macros in any way without paying monthly. Utterly useless for anyone doing any kind of dieting or training unless you want to take their generalised suggestions and goals over what you know yourself. Wouldn't recommend to anyone. Chronometer and MFP both at least allow you to change your calories and macro intake. This is a fundamental part of logging activity. So this app is utterly useless.
Any app that demands you to sign up = going to sell your personal data to their affiliates. Plain and simple. And watch, if they respond to this, they won't deny that they sell or give away your information that they collect- if you type it in or if they grab it from your phone storage.
This seemed like it would be a great app. But unfortunately it's macros are backwards, should be lower carbohydrates and higher fat.
how do i enter my own calorie goal? i know what i want my macros to be.
It wouldn't save the calories....
Not so good
Why does this app NOT count net carbs. I want an app that shows that as it's more accurate on the Keto diet
Not intuitive at all. Can't search an add any food items, unless the have a QR code.
So confusing just to add foods I'm trying to register. They need an add button SMH.
Not usefull app
wont connect to thermometer. waste of time, don't bother. no customer support.
I could not get it to the thermometer, just endless questions.
US only
Had the opportunity to get free thermometer for downloading the app and joining the group with my daughters school. Download was no problem. Signing in to join the school group couldn't happen because it wouldn't accept my log in. Kept saying network error.
I got this from my daughters school but everytime I try to click on link to download, it will not load. Please help.
Bought this thermometer it was the only one on the shelf and it will not read a temperature with out downloading the app!!! My daughter was incredibley sick and I spent 20.00 on this thing that doesn't work and my phone will not download the f*@king app!!! No wonder it was the only one on the shelf.
Customer Service "tickets" doesn't work. No customer support.
Less than a year later and my device died. Nothing but error messages.
App does not load says on boarding error
App wont load, opens to a white screen with a message saying please try again, if problem persist please contact kinsa support. However there is no button to contact support.
The app wont open for me to claim product
Trash
Works for about 2 days then can't connect to thermometer
Every message x3
Forces you to download and install app to use thermometer. Forces you to sign up via email, enter personal information, and enable location services. Totally unacceptable, ruins a great product. Would be fine if this was an *option*, but not a mandatory wall between you and product.
I've tried all the tricks it just won't connect. My phone OS current? Yes. Location on? Yes. Bluetooth on? Yes. App most recent? Yes. Restarted my phone? Yes. Force stop app? Yes. Try and pair it via Bluetooth? Receive message that pairing is rejected by Kinsa. Uninstall and reinstall app? Yes. Hopefully customer service has an extra trick up their sleeve or it can function w/o the app.
All thermometers stopped linking to app on phone on 07/13/20
Really scummy I dont want an app or an account just let me check temperature also you shouldn't need to provide location to use the app that's beyond invasive
The thermometer isn't connecting to my Bluetooth I keep getting a message that kinsa declined the connection! I need to use this stupid thermometer for my daughter thats burning up and what's the point of having this thermometer if I can't use it! What a waste of money and time
They want your data. The claim google forces them to collect location data on blue tooth. Then they turn around and mine that data. Nope.
Sign up required to use a thermometer? That's absurd. Just tell me temperatures and then require a sign up if I want to use the dumb extra features. I'm not even sure why you'd need contact info or authentication for simple data tracking.
Worse product i have used. It can not be used without connecting to smart phone. You have to allow your location to use the Thermometer. It uses Bluetooth and records your data within the app. Do not download or buy Thermometer.
The app won't open or if it does open I can't login
App is not working, I download it and doesn't work
This do not work want so every do not download waste your storage 😡
Invasive and unnecessarily bulky use. This thermometer need an app to be used. So unless you have a smart phone and the app AND an account this thermometer is entirely useless. In order to use the thermonet you must provide your email account, name, sex, date of birth AND location. Why does a thermometer need to know my location? If you do not give this information the thermometer simply will not work. This is far to invasive and bulky for a simple thermometer.
I downloaded it and it keeps saying error
Bought the thermometer, but it wont work unless you install the app. Installed the app, but then my malware protection warned that it tracks locations, even when off, can read all documents, pictures, etc, and is active when phone is locked. I just wanted a thermometer, not Big Brother. i uninstalled the App and have a useless piece of plastic.
Cant seem to find my child's school, although others in our school can find it.
The app is not working. I keep getting a message saying that it's an error and to please try again later.
Apparently the kinsa thermometer I have is not supported? It was not accurate at all when I bought it, trying to digitally record to notice PICC sepsis during TPN. Never was notified my model was no longer supported, very disappointed.
This is a stupid app it does nothing
The app Does not open
I have been using Kinsa for years. I have the Stick thermometer and the wireless. The product is great, the new wireless app is not. This app is horrible compared to the old "stick" app. It doesn't have a kid mode, charts or averages. It is impossible to manage multiple profiles. In the old app you could take temps and then assign them to the profile. In this app all the temps get dumped into the first person you choose. No option to edit source or time or symptoms. Kinsa, you need to fix this.
Retarded that u have to download an app to check someone's temp.😑
Needed a quick temperature. Couldn't get a $20 thermometer to work, directions claim it has a button and it doesn't, maybe they should update the instructions if they update the product. RETURNED!
I just now got a text saying that my thermometer is her to go to thd link you sent me so I did & it's telling me to retry, retry & retry so I need to know if it's gonna be fixed, please?
Won't work! It says my connection is unsecured (and it's a school's Wifi)!
Downloaded app and it will not open. So free thermometer is out the question.
Doesn't work with the Kinsa Wired smart thermometer and it used to support it. How am I supposed to use my product now?
This app does not work I tried to free up space It did not work dont do this please
I cant even get pass the second page to sign up
Lamest thermometer I've ever had.... It won't work without the app and the app is useless.
I have an older thermometer I guess. It doesn't use blue tooth, it plugs straight in to the phone. I can't get it to pick it up.
What a nightmare. Do not, under any circumstances, buy a Kinsa device. If you just want to take someone's temperature, you are the Enemy. This app demands data, lots of data, before it will allow you to take a temperature. Dystopian.
for the less than tech savvy old people this app is impossible it would take less time to go to the hospital to get my temperature than to setup this app
We bought the Smart Stick a few years ago and now it's a useless paperweight because they decided not to allow you to use it with their new app. When I pay over $20 for a thermometer, I expect it to last. There's nothing wrong with the device, they just want to force you into an upgrade. Not happening, Kensa.
Still not working deleted and installed again and nothing very dissapointed it says contact customer support but nothing update still not working so will be deleting app
App won't work. I won't go past the set up screen.
I keep on having to open the battery area and fiddle with the battery for it to come on. Even when I just bought it. It turns off right away now and wont connect to the app through bluetooth to store my temps and I have a new phone so you would think it would work since it has more up to date technology. I'm disappointed on the box it looked so promising. I should've looked at the reviews first. Phewy
Was great until new app was needed to use my ear thermometer. Once installed new app I can not get the thermometer to connect to my phone. I've tried everything it says and it still will not connect to my phone. Hopefully hear from someone soon so maybe I can use the app it was one of the only reasons I bought this specific thermometer so I'm very upset that I can not use it for that purpose. I would rate this a 5 before the new app.
Have to have an account to use a thermometer. They also share your data. Not recommended just buy a regular digital thermometer.
Not worth the time . I've tried to agree to the terms over 100 times and it won't let me. And until I agree I can't use the app.
This is absolutely stupid. Was given to me so i could take my temperature because I got covid and it took 10 minutes just to get a freaking temperature. Best believe this is going in the garbage when I recover. Unnecessary tech garbage probably just stealing data information.
The thermometer has to be restored constantly. It is not a simple process and requires permissions, Bluetooth and a number of other variables to align or the app doesn't work. Messages to Customer Support go unanswered. This is a good idea that needs good development by a good company and Kinsa doesn't get it done. Will purchase a non-contact forehead thermometer but it won't be a Kinsa.
Doesn't link even though it shows up on my Bluetooth
😠 why isn't there the sesame street anymore
The only features I can use are the manual entries. I cant share the timeline, I cant see recommendations, I cant edit entries... nothing. And I have this medical disclaimer that is on the screen and wont go away. I press agree and nothing happens.
Maybe they should write in big letters "REQUIRES APP TO MEASURE TEMPERATURES" on the product before someone with a potential emergency goes out to buy a $25 thermometer only to have it take 15 minutes to delete other apps to make space so the kinsa app can be downloaded.
I've had a kinsa for years. My son is rarely sick so it's been a while since I've had to use it. Well, tonight he felt super hot...having a new phone I decided to download and program the thermometer. Oh hey, news flash...the older thermometer isn't supported. Highly disappointed in this.
Doesn't connect anymore and no solutions anywhere
I have the one that you have to plug in the phone and it's an option and I'm fricken pissed
No reason you should be required to download an app to take your temperature. It also requires you to have bluetooth and location services on. This app is totally a ploy to track your data. Don't buy this thermometer, it's a scam. Would rate 0 stars if I could. Update: After less than two days, the thermometer broke.
It wont download
No temporal/forehead temperature recording option
Won't load, gives error message.
Does not work
It is preposterous that I have to download an app and provide a ton of personal information just to use a friggin thermometer. Absolutely outrageous. Returned immediately, and I'll never buy anything from Kinsa again.
App wont even open properly. Keeps saying try again and different error messages
*Gave Full permissions, still can't connect Wi-Fi. *App won't load, it can't find the internet. That makes it the only app I have that can't seem to connect. :-( UL = 182.1 Mbps. / DL 12.0 =Mbps Not impressed.
KINSA customer service is non-existant. I have s problem and cannot find any answers. I cannot get any customer service, period. I have tried everything I can on the app and on the web site. They just do not want to be bothered by a real person with a real problem. DO NOT GET THIS APP OR THERMONETER. If you have a problem you cannot get any service.
It wont let me login in, keeps saying error. If problem persists contact support.
Won't even let me log in... Uninstall!!!
The thermometer would not turn on to link
Works for a day, then needs to be uninstalled and reinstalled. Forgets the thermometer, which needs to be re-added. How long have you had the Smart Ear thermometer out for? A few years? And STILL not ready for primetime?!
App keeps crashing on startup. Gives me a number of errors then closes. Cannot query field "onboarding content". Unknown Type "Onboarding Welcome" "Onboarding Privacy" "Onboarding Delivery" Using Android 10 on Pixel 3XL.
Hard to work, deleted the next day.
Use is not self explanatory
Used to be a good app before the update. After they changed everything over to the new app, temps are rarely if ever picked up and recorded. Very disappointed. Going a different route as this no longer works for our family.
I didn't feel like the app was connecting to the thermometer when I needed it to. If it isn't going to do that I don't need it.
I loved it at first but ever since I updated my app won't connect to my thermometer
Having issues downloading
Why is my location needed to read temperature? My old school dumb thermometer doesn't need my location. Why do I need an account to read my temperature too? This has changed since I bought the device. Looks like I'll be switching back to dumb thermometers for my future needs. This company is requiring questionable permissions to have the product function. It would be acceptable to have these permissions as optional, but unfortunately that is not the case.
A thermometer doesn't need to know my location. It doesn't need to track me. The thermometer won't work unless you tie it to your phone and let it track you. Buy a different thermometer. This one is junk.
They sell your information. App forces you to enable location services (which is unnecessary for a simple bluetooth device). Forces you to have a an account to use the product out of the box. Don't put personal information into the app. Their privacy policy states they can sell your information to credit card companies, marketing services, etc.
Multiple errors - network unavailable, cannot sign up mutation error. I'm on dedicated wifi so I know my connection is sound.
Don't get this! I got this kinsa from my son's school and I was able to install it the first day. Tried to use it now but the kinsa wont pair with my phone. Been trying for 2 hours it has my permission for location and nothing. Uninstalled and re but still nothing.
This is seriously intrusive the thermometer doesn't work without the app and location data.
I literally just downloaded the app and absolutely nothing is working. Wont let me sign in or sign up. Giving me bs codes and about "myfamily" and saying it can not "query" something. I have no clue what's going on
Too good to be true. We just started using this yesterday because my daughter has the flu and strep but the app only worked 1 day and now has an error where it wont let us add anything new to the timeline. So I cant record us giving her medicine or her most recent fever. The box also made it seem like the app would help by letting us set reminders for when to give more medicine but it definetly does not. It's just a record, that doesnt even work now.
Why do I have to download an app and give you my information just to check my temperature? If I knew this before I would of never buy this thing! Big waist of money in this very difficult times! Thanks a lot!
App will not load
A person got this for me. I wanted to just turn it on and take my temperature. Oh no! That would be too simple. I thought I might die trying to figure out how to get it to work. I was getting ready to give it a toss and take it back but we can't leave the house to go to the store. Somehow it accidentally worked. I would never buy one of these on purpose. It took two days of working with it while not feeling well with a temperature I needed to track. Not user friendly! Total frustration!
I joined on November 11th and It still will not let me order the thermometer it acts as if I already have one. It has all our information on it but I've never been able to order one
Can't connect my ear thermometer with my pixel 4 xl
One star? It's simple... I will not sign up for an account and give you my e-mail address and personal info.
Horrible
Changed Battery, does not recognize my thermometer. Trying to do a setup doess not work. Theres got to be a better WAY. THIS SUCKS !! Why is there not a phone number to call for Tech Support???????
Always a little faulty on the connection, I went to use it for the first time in a few months and found out my version with a cord is no longer supported. Really sucks because I'm deployed as a humanitarian and can't just buy another - why wouldn't the app be backwards compatible?
Actually I rate the ear thermometer at less than 1 of 5 for Android phones. Have spent hours with customer support which requires implementation of 10 plus steps to connect ear thermometer to Android phone before Kinsa will allow return of ear thermometer.
I can't figure out how to order the free thermometer. They just show the ones for sale.
Stupid ! Not creating an account to take a freaking temperature!
Wasn't notified of upgrade+ needing location for syncing wireless thermometer? 💩 I used the app and purchased the original smart thermometer when it firat came out. Today I dug out the original device and it is no longer used by the app or even listed as an option. Using Bluetooth wastes battery. And it told me that I had never had an account on Kinsa! The app also wants you to turn on location tracking in order to sync up the new wireless option (if you have it). Not called for! Unethical.
They don't support the original Kinsa Thermometers in the current Android software. Try to sell you a newer one at list price. Can't recommend this company.
GARBAGE! DON'T BUY! This app is useless garbage. The thermometer used with this is complete trash. Why can't someone make a thermometer that just takes temperatures!? How can it be this hard? I cannot log back into the app and you cannot use the stupid trash thermometer without the stupid useless app. DON'T BUY THIS.
Doesn't support my thermometer. But you don't know that until after you sign up.
Hate it. Thermometer won't work without app & then it send your info to who knows where. Gave the thermometer away
The thermometer and app are great in theory but my thermometer stopped working less than 2 months after I purchased it. The device was glitchy and unreliable which is the last thing any parent wants to worry about when caring for a sick child. I would not recommend this product to anyone until the glitches, bugs and quality control issues have been completely corrected. Dosappointing waste of money.
App and phone syncing is horrible. Causes early readings of temperature before the final temperature reading is in.
Horrific first impression. Do not buy this if you want to get a stress free reading in a hurry. It is far too picky... took 10 plus tries under the arm.. following instructions to get one reading. And you have to use the app it seems. Stay clear... buy a much cheaper thermometer and save yourself the anger. Will be returning my unit tomorrow.
Now my thermometer needs to access my location??? And it won't work without it?? F'n Unbelievable!
Won't work with Samsung phone
This app is required (along with phone, bluetooth and location?) To use a medical device. I bought it to test my temperature and see if i have a cold. I am on chemo and so a temperature of 100.5f can be life threatening. I assumed bluetooth, registration and setup would be optional since all i need is to know my temperature. Your app and measuring device do not work without it; even though they could. This is not safe or effective. I finally got it to work on my roommates phone.
Not user friendly
Absolute piece of trash. I bought it only because it was the only one left at the store. CANNOT USE WITHOUT THE APP. I shouldn't have to provide you any personal information or phone data to check my temperature. Beware of the privacy policy (or lack thereof) and the TOC and medical disclaimer. I am returning this garbage product that only seems to extort you and your family.
It's appalling how immoral this company is; making people download an app before you're able to take your own temperature?! Do you not see how messed up that is? What if someone has an emergency situation? But no, mining people's data is much more important to you than their health. Despicable.
I will never recommend a thermometer that requires an app to work. If it worked without being paired it might show this company is invested in health instead of gathering data. I purchased this thermometer only because it was the only thing available during covid-19.
Return the thermometer if you've already bought it. This app and thermometer is designed to take advantage of parents with sick kids. It's data mining tool. Why should a parent have to have location services turned on to check thier kids temperature. It a scam.
Think having an app for a thermometer is stupid. Will be removing it from my phone. Didn't see the tiny instructions at the bottom of how to bypass installing the app so that I could use the thermometer without it until after I had installed the app.
Receiving "cannot query field" errors right after install.
Dont open error on open
Was not able to use
The botton dnt work. Keep pressing and wont show any prompt
Annoying. Too many questions
I have one that plugs in so how do I make that work? It keeps saying to set up thermometer and to turn it on but mine plugs in, how do I set it up?
App doesn't support Kinsa purchased years ago. Why is my thermometer no longer supported? KSA-003B has no digital information. I've had this thermometer for a few years, what's the purpose? I have to connect to the app and why do I have to register? Help me understand why this info is not specified as optional? Help MW understand why I have a device I can't use? I will be contacting your company.
I'm very unhappy that this product required me to download and login to the app when the instructions indicated the device could be used "by itself or paired to the Kinsa app". When I initially turned it on all I could get was "app" which I thought meant the battery was low. But with a new battery I got the same thing "app". So I had no choice other than returning to Target or downloading the app and I needed to take my temp today. Our prior thermometer died.
Does not work. Sent message to support and got no response. Waste of money buying it if i cant use it.
Invasive use of information. I do not understand why it needs a network connection, bluetooth, and my location to read my temperature. Also, I have a wired kinsa thermometer, but I guess the ap is now only accepting the NEW bluetooth devices. Dont waste your time, just get a regular thermometer.
You do not need access to location services to connect a Bluetooth thermometer.
This thing is a POS it doesn't work.made an account and everything was good then I went to sign in and it tells me invalid email.or password unfortunately this was the only thermometer I could find I think its destin for the garbage I DEFINITELY WOULD NOT RECOMMEND IT
Connection problems with thermometer. Lowest temp that can be entered is 35.6. My daughter was at 35.2 and I couldn't even enter it to track her temp or find out why it might be so low.
Upgraded app won't connect anymore
Very buggy, thermometer doesn't stay connected
I do not want to install an app to take my daughters temperature. I will be returning this product.
Sophos says Low Reputation App. Has ability to install other apps. Tracks lots of things unrelated to your temperature. If they don't share it then why must they collect it. User does not have an opt out option for privacy. Returning the device.
This thing is a good idea but doesn't work at all for me. I absolutely cannot get it to connect to my phone no matter what I do. I've disconnected the thermometer battery and restarted my phone. Turned Bluetooth on and off. Uninstalled and reinstalled the app. NOTHING gets it to connect
App does not load, with error: Unknown argument "onBoardingId" on field "onBoardingContent" of type "Query".
Does not support all kinsa smart thermometers.
Everytime I open, I get a message telling me to retry. I have uninstalled and reinstalled and the message keeps popping up.
This app is supposed to connect to the kinsa thermometer via Bluetooth. If Bluetooth is on, then it should only take the kinsa thermometer being on and a couple of seconds for the two to connect. After the initial connection, I have yet to see the two connect when I open the app. I have to turn off and on my Bluetooth several times and take several temperature readings before the app finally connects to the thermometer. This app is garbage.
Horrible. Won't work without downloading the App. Wants your bluetooth on and location services on and know where you are. I'll be returning this piece of garbage tomorrow. I want to use it without App. Won't work without it. Instructions say it will but doesn't. Total piece of garbage
App doesn't load with error I can't do anything on this app could u please fix it.
Trash hasn't worked right since I got the things. Waste of time!!!
Well it would be nice if the box said on the outside that you need to download an app in order to use it. It's not enough that I bought the thermometer so they're getting my money but I have to download an app, give it access to my location and THEN I can take my wife's temperature. Used it once, deleting the app and buying a different thermometer. 0 stars
Will not pair with Bluetooth on Samsung S8+ even though listed as compatible.
New app doesnt work with older kinsa thermometers. I still have the one that connects via the cable but the new app will not recognize it.
It won't connect to my phone
I would like to give it no stars. Worked for two days now it won't see the thermometer. Contact support, message never goes through. More like customer no support. Cannot get it to work. Gigantic waste.
I never recieved my Kinsa and i signed up
Just joining, the link in my text message to obtain the app does not work. Keep getting an error. Makes me wonder how accurate the free thermometer is, if i'm actually able to sign in to receive one, that is. As a first time user, this is not a positive sign.
Lousy, can Not upload app to android phone
No good u have to have. Thermometer
Still doesn't sync at all I still have to manually enter myself. I love it but its frustrating that I always have to enter myself
I shouldn't have to give a company the rights to my location to use a thermometer. After reading kinsas replies I re-read my instruction manual, and no where did the written instructions say there was another option to use this product without the app.
Doesnt even work wont let log in!
App seems to be unstable on the android platform. First installation went smoothly -- was able to add the thermometer and record temperatures successfully. After a couple of days, was not able to sync temperature recordings and the app kept displaying "No internet connection. Please check your data or wifi connection and try again". After a couple of attempts to apply instructions from the troubleshooting section of the kinsa site, uninstalled and reinstalled. The app wouldn't even start but displayed the "no internet connection" instead. Contacted kinsa for help but they provided the same instructions posted on their website. Deleted the app and am using the thermometer standalone.
Why oh why do you need an app to read a temp. Bought and returned in less than 10 min. do not bother with this piece of tech.
I have changed batteries and my page is set up but it is still not working I a. Talking about the free thermometer. It will not even come on at all
No, I'm not putting all my family data online and giving your company access to my health info. Returning this useless digital thermometer (useless without your consent) asap and buying something else.
Horrible product. Had to download an app just to use the thermometer. I would Not recommend unless you like to be spied on and tracked.
My school had an email for the free thermometer when you download the app. I did that but never was asked i formation to send the thermometer. Does that mean I am not getting one?
Was sent one of these by my insurance company. Woke up this morning feeling feverish. I used my forehead thermometer and it registered 101.6, used the Kinsa and it registered 97.1. This is the second time I have had a discrepancy between the two. It is a worthless piece of junk and I do not recommend it.
It will not work with my phone
Horrible app contactless check-in doesn't work. I use the app to show my gym useage for work
Can't login
Can't make an appt on here. Have 2 do that on home computer. Only thing can tell is when my appt is. Un installing/reinstalling doesn't work.
Wont open
This is a multi-million dollar company and can't focus there time on a good app to help your members out. This app is shameful.
Horrible.  Crashes and won't accept login info
I downloaded this app.  I have an acct online but it will not give me the option to log on with that account.   Rendering app unusable
This new requirement to have location on so I can check in is nonsense. I'm going to have to touch my phone either way.
App has continuously been crashing everytime I try to open it. My phone is up to date, and so is this app. WILL NOT OPEN DESPITE MULTIPLE ATTEMPTS. S8
Several upgrades ago LA Fitness decided it would go for a sleeker look with more functions. Since then the app has been useless. With the latest fix it doesn't crash every time, but it's still glitchy. I can't make a training reservation or view my account. The GPS function doesn't work (not that I needed it. I was just trying to find my favorite club by zip code, which it wouldn't let me do). Please go back to the old grey version. It wasn't pretty to look at, but at least it worked.
Please add a barcode option. You shouldn't have to carry around the little key ring . Google wallet and keyring apps allow you to do this already
It sucks!!
Check in app doesn't work. It keeps saying I'm out of the 500ft even though I'm right inside the gym.
Stopped working with the latest update. Now it just crashes on my Samsung Galaxy S7 Edge as soon as I open it. I uninstalled and reinstalled it but no luck.
Logging into this app will disable the key ring tag. Wish I would have been warned, since I find the tag much more convenient.
Unable to log in please fire who ever made this app worst thanks 👍
My app is not letting me log in
Most ridiculous app I've seen in the app store. Does not carry out basic functionality.
Terrible app, wont let u sign in
App not working can't log in
Cant check pt sched.   Garbage
Since the update became usless can't tell me anything a Google search can't.
Cannot properly revive username/password and the algorytm takes you back to create new username eventhough you clearly tell the app to reset username/password. Fail.
Doesn't work . Needs lots of updating cause I can even log in
Got a new phone and try to log in, it won't let me because my old phone (which is broken and wiped of memory) was previously used. Gym turned me around... cancelling membership. If you're going to rely on technology for your business to operate at least make it work you idiots
It stops working and constantly having to make up new username
Fix it
Was able to hook it up on my galaxy note2 got the note 4 re downloaded the app put my key tag # in got error code called my gym they couldnt help wad told to call corporate?
Have not been able to register account and use as a never. Personnel told me they've been having problems and yet to get past error screen.
It doesn't do any good to open the app when I'm on the other side of town and want to see what classes are available at the clubs near home because those clubs don't even pop up as an option. Makes the entire app worthless. Why would you take away the feature that allows the user to look up the clubs they want as opposed to the closest clubs? Please put the Favorites feature back.
I downloaded it thinking how convenient it would be to not have to use the keytag anymore. So I threw it out as it was of no use and deactivated. After it asked me to log in to my account for some reason, it failed to log in and without that you need the keytag number. Well without that you can't get a new user name. And now I can't get in
Disapointed, i only wanted the checkins calender, but half the time my checkins didnt show up even though my checkins are always scanned, uninstalled
i loved the app when it worked but, now it wont even load ... please update and fix bugs!!!!
Sucks!  Unable see my PT sessions on my new act.
Support Google Pay for your check in instead of making me use your crappy 
app.
After the new update this app constantly crashes. It also logs me out with error screens when i try to log back in. It's so frustrating!
Not working at all uninstalled and reinstalled still not working please help
I like it when I am logged in, but I cannot log back in with the same password. When I try resetting the password I have to reset my username as well. Don't like this at all
It wouldn't load!
The new update with the contact less check in does not work. Useless.
Crashes all the time. Hire better programmers
Love the new look/interface. But now I can't make  racquetball reservations! Says I don't have court service!  I can still reserve on the website. Please allow me to reserve courts!
Your list of amenities needs to include steam rooms, as sauna is not what I'm searching for.
Worthless because if you want to have both your plastic key tag and your phone membership card it won't let you
Can't get longed in at the gym
Doesn't let you log on without a barcode but they aren't given out anymore?
My app that I have for last five years,doesn't show my membership information 🤔🤔
Latest update kicks you off your sign in
The app is literally unusable. Galaxy 7 edge...
Can't make payment on it.  Can't change favorite club,  always defaults to original club
If you forget your username and/or password, you need your keytag number to 
retrieve it. But your keytag number is in the app, so you can't log in or 
anything
Keeps crashing
Worked fine for a few days and now today I can't even log into the app to access my keyless tag to check into a facility. Not worth the aggravation of it working 1 day and not the next. 1 star. Stick with your key tag!
The most recent updates wiped out my account. Was already at the gym and it was just a hassle having to create a new account just because I forgot my username and password.
I liked it until it stopped working... Today.
Nice!  App serves no purpose now.   Derp!!!
A mess, takes forever to check into a club. It wont allow you to put a shortcut to check-in QR code on your homepage. You have to open the app, go to the menu, click on membership card, quickly! while people waiting in line behind you....
No court reserve...
My total number of remaining training sessions is double the number I actually have and each time I book a session it shows up twice in upcoming reservations. I contacted support and I guess they can't or won't fix it.
Stopped working, no longer can log on. Password is correct. Who knows what has happened to my key tag. I guess this is how they prevent the club from being over crowded.
This app glitches out, the site to make your reservation is down and it won't let me edit and add my new address
New update is complete garbage. Log me out, wouldn't log me back in for a while and now I can't check in.
I've tired get this app two times and both time it will only open when you first download it. If you close it then try and go back it won't open. How could such a big company like this not have a good app.
Doesn't let me sign in or create account. Doesn't give error message on either of the above ... just gives spinning circle for minutes ...
Does not work in android.
Takes 2-3 minutes to access a trainer's schedule. And another 2-3 to reserve a training session. The speed is significantly slower on wifi. Sometimes the app won't even do any of that.
Which brilliant person decided to force a geolocation fence around showing your membership card, that fails to work when I'm inside Edit: Just found out it's hidden within the pop up menu. Put a notification or ANYTHING to notify that's where it was moved to.
Useless, and buggy
App doesn't work!!
Doesn't even open on Note 8 anymore with the update.
Great when it works
I can't create an account and just doesn't seem well thought out
This app  does nothing that Google maps can't  do, but lock your tag and make it useless
They took away the best feature.  Cannot reserve racquetball courts anymore.  Uninstalling the app.
Keeps crashing
D update is terrible I can't reserve anymore
The website and the app are not synced properly. I can log into the website, but I can't log into the app as it tells me I'm using incorrect username or password. I've even tried to reset the password from the app which it then forced me to create a new username because my previous one existed. Still no lick logging into the app. Very frustrating since I can't use the QR Code membership. Please fix ASAP!
The app will show pictures of a club somewhere but when I try to find a class time or hours of operation the app just stops and closes it has been weeks since this started and no fixes have come out
Doesn't let me create an account.   For three weeks an error message generates.
i dont want an app just to flash a badge. definitely canceling my membership ASAP, avoid this gym.
I open it up. It immediately shuts down. Doesn't work. Samsung galaxy note 2.
'
Works half the time...don't get it or you'll be sorry
I have uninstalled and installed three timeTimes. It says its opening up then as it pops for member/guest it shuts off. What's the fix!!!??
Cannot log in. Can log in on website. Will have to ask for a physical membership card now...
This App is frozen. Im not in New York. Im checked out in Ny.
App logged me out and won't let me log in even with my username and password.
No more bar code, ask for pin when there isnt one.
Doesn't work, the login is broken, worthless app
The most recent changes with the app make scheduling training session overly complicated and extremely frustrating. You can no longer easily see availability by specific trainer, and I have to search for my gym each time I open the page. The UX was already bad, and now it's worse.
Cannot get the app to reset. It was working. Now it's not. Tried uninstalling & reinstalling still not working. going back to my Barcode tag.
get a membership somewhere else
Pb all the time
I just installed it for the first time and it crashed ..I think developers can do better job...
That app is good at one thing. Getting me I. The gym. Essentially a bar code. Everything else kinda sucks. Isn't it time to update the app icon? It's not aged well.
When you click on the club you want the app stops working
Nothing important on this app. Total waste of time.
Horrible account recovery service. Basically useless without the very information you're seeking.
Check-ins not showing. Also needs move to external SD card.
My local gym seems cool but call their customer sevice line and you will run into the most ignorant people on the planet. When I move I won't be looking for anothe LA Fitness because of that
Add a workout journal. Add some video tutorials. Add way to use your phone's gps to find the closest club. If.your going to make a useless app that's only good to look up class times, at least make it so that it works at least half the time. This half-assed app is indicative of the half-assed way these clubs are run.
Poor. Frequent problems.
TRASH with a capital TRASH
App will not work. I tried to open my club ID to log in, but nothing happened pressing the button. I then tried with the dropdown menu and the spinner just kept spinning. I rebooted but because I couldn't remember password tried the forgot password button. The spinner went around for about two minutes then a popup said reset account, so I pressed that and was taken to a continue button which when pressed takes you to the reset button again. So, round and round I went....
Keeps locking me out so I just have them look up my membership everytime.
Stopped working
Key card feature will not work
It was awesome and very convenient, but since update I can't do anything. I uninstalled it. Couldn't handle it anymore.
The app is crashing on Samsung Galaxy S9+, needs to be fixed.
i cant sign out for a guest Pass
What is the point to make a reservation sign up for classes if the classes are so overwhelmed always every class any time any day. There should be a max limit. Instructors should say something too. Need to be more adware and  strict about not letting anyone in class without a reservation. Otherwise What is the point of making a reservation on line for a spot in a class that is so overwhelmed, packed, and congested always ???????
trying to create an account, I enter my barcode just as they request, and I press continue, and it spins around and around and around and around and around and around and around and around and around.... nothing ever happens. So then I clear out the app and restart it. and then the whole ordeal repeats itself again.
Just like all the other reviews, this app worked for me for a full year until they updated it. Now the app crashes as soon as you touch the icon. The application managers have ruined this program. Completely useless now. Uninstalled
The new update is terrible. I can't check in at all. Even when my location is on and I am in the club. Please go back to previous version.
Whoever is in charge of this app needs to get to work. There are no info under classes. However if you just go on line(not on the app) and look for la cienegas la fitness class schedule a schedule does come up. What's the point of the app if its not giving out info your looking for.
Was fine now you have to sign in.... lame
It was working great until the update.  I can not log in now, I even uninstalled and installed again.  I can log onto the website on my computer so I know my pw is correct.  Please fix asap.
I cannot log in. I keep getting an error message telling me to try again. I've restarted my phone, including uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Nothing!
New phone can't get logged in even after resetting twice at the club.
None sense
Crashes right after putting in PIN . Now I can't even use it to check-in,  after installing the update.
Club can't even put up notices when they close
Don't join LA Fitness. They will literally try to screw you over in as many 
ways as possible. I know I sound angry, but they lied.several times to me. 
I moved to a place there is no LA Fitness and they wouldn't let me out of 
my contract. Don't do it.
Samsung galaxy S4. Open app, but can't click on "membership" icon until several seconds later. What in the world is the app doing during that time? Also adding my bar code so I don't need my keys to check-in at the gym should be a no-brainer. Right?
Sucks
Great concept. Terrible execution. Hope it's fixed soon.
Very clunky and a pain in the ass to use.
Having trouble logging in on this app. I thought maybe i forgot the password but i tried logging on with my computer and everything was fine. Please fix asap because this is the only way to scan into the gym since you got rid of the key tags.       P.s. if you get rid of something (key tags) then make sure the alternative works.
The updated app is not working properly.which IT team did the develop ? They should also have done proper testing.
Contactless check in Android devices: does nothing when I press the button to check in on my samsung note 8. It's annoying to have to repeat my phone number especially while wearing a mask.
App is glitchy. Constantly tells me to update billing even though they charge me on time each month. This app will log you out of your account and it isn't easy to resign into your account.
Took days to download, even on 4G.  Useless.
as soon as i open it i get "LA Fitness has stopped" then choice to restart app, which doesn't work! Tried uninstalling and reinstalling and still same error message
App kept having errors whilst creating a user account. Since I couldn't create an account, the most basic of functions, this app has been rated 1 star.
Before I made an account I could see the Barcode button just fine. As soon as I logged in the Barcode button completly vanished! Everything else (that I don't need)  is all visibly shown except the most important one! The one that let's me enter the gym!
I used to find the app useful but lately it never opens. It doesnt even let me see he mainpage of the app. Please fix the glitch.
The previous version crashed every time I started it the first time. The second time it would run.  This version, EVERY time I look for a club it crashes.  Please fix this!
Hate that LAF locks me out w/ no warning of update. Ignorant approach to customer service
It won't even open for me
Can't open my membership card and can't do contactless check in
Keeps on crashing over and over and can't even scan my membership through the phone....this sucks. Please fix it.
Hardly works. Spins and spins.  Multiple attempts to sign in.
For some reasons, it keeps saying "an error has occured, please try again"
Development for this app was sloppy.
So far I haven't been able to log into the app.  I have had a membership for 2 months and created an account online, still wont let me sign in.  I have entered my account number from the ID code on the keychain card, doesn't register.  I've even tried making a new account, doesn't register. My wife has the app and at first liked it, but lately it hasn't been tracking her check ins.
Older version much better. New version does not allow to select favorites and no message alerts! Now you have no idea if favorite class has a sub. Change this app back to the previous version!
Doesnt work
The old version gave me the classes. This new one doesn't load. I have being trying to see the schedule for over 2 hours, I even tried deleting the App and reinstalling it.
Can not downloadpt
Private data from your phone is used by them. DO NOT USE/INSTALL
Still time out on login. Can't access qr code to check in at gym, and of course the app means key tag doesn't work.
Keeps wiping out my membership info. Once I finally get logged back in it takes forever and sometimes never to be able to schedule a training appointment
Poorly designed. Error prone too.
The app worked great before. But I noticed it quit tracking my check-ins so I uninstalled & re-installed. Now, I cannot log back into the app using any of the options; telling me I got an error. The last version 3.1.126 was just released Mar 10, 2016 & it's broken...FIX IT!!
It doesn't work whatever I try just keep crashing
Access to my camera to see and record at any time, anything that it currently see
Can't use it. Every time I try to long in it say error log in. A few days ago I was able to log in
For closes! .. I cant pick a club without it closing on me!
Cannot Login to Android LA Fitness app ,continue having the Error Message. when will this be resolved?
I have tried to create an account 3 times. Each time it gives me no reason and resets so I have to keep entering my information. The layout is horrible and confusing.
Absolutely pointless. Uninstalling. They need to enable the ability to have both phone and plastic key tags.
When trying to search for a club location "force close error message comes up"  it's shutting down. very Frustrating!! Plz fix the issue otherwise it's useless.
Freezes, logged into my account and the button to show my membership card has disappeared
Bad app and even worse customer service
I've tried using my phone and using key chain to see if it would update my check ins at the gym.  Doesn't work.  Would be nice to have.
No help
This app sucks
Great when it works.
Not easy to sign it up and run
Whatever was  done I can't  sign in anymore and since I decided  to use the app my token has been disabled. My username and password is correct and it still doesn't work  ..it's  a mess. Update 12/7/14 could not use app, put username and password  and get  error message and I can't use my token.
Doesn't work since update
Old app much better, I can't email my checkins with the new app!
The app doesn't allow me to do the check in or allow me to make a racquetball reservation please fix
No help
it doesnt take the scan bar code off of my keychain tag to set it up
Was a good app but gets worse with each update.
installed app but cant login
It Is Not Good At all..
Worst gym ever!!!
Does not download
Don't like this at all...can't use my membership card anymore...it just disappeared...what the neck.....
App won't open!!!!!!  Worked fine before
Issue when logging in keeps showing login error try again .. poor quality. After my last review which was last year this app still big failure ! Not sure how come a multi billion company like LAFtiness can't create good reliable app . The issue now when you go to the gym and scan the pass key and the scanner beeps which means scan attempt successfull it doesn't show on the app that you checked in on that day ..
Can never get to bar code,  have to do.al kinds of tricks. Older version was fine
Run of the mill app that does very basic functions (like telling you where gyms are nearby) but frequently has software update bugs that make it unusable.
Won't recognize my email.
This app sucks!!! 👎👎👎👎👎
Why do you need access to my contacts list, call logs....and so on...
i hate that I'm required to use this app to get into the gym
I know they are not going to see my commemt or they don't care about what I'll say but Im really thinking in leaving this gym because it should be 24 hours It's sad to believe how cheap gyms like you fit and planet fitnes are 24 hour and super la fitness no . I don't want to leave this gym but I need to do it couse y need to move to one 24 hours
Keeps crashing... Now I have no membership info to check in.
Contactless checkin is trash
With the last update it now requires a login to get to my member ID. Also asks for a pin. Really annoying.
I have tried several times to download it but all I get is a message that it's waiting to download. I cannot download
i cant log in.
It used to be a good app but now it closes as soon as it opens. Not helpful in the least.
The app keeps crashing whenever I select a club near me from the list to lookup class schedules.
Doesn't work anymore used perfectly fine for a year until they updated and ruined the app now I have to have my phone number everytime I go to the gym. I've deleted and redownload multiple times still doesn't work
Wasnt a great app before but after recent update... doesn't work at all
Every time I try to log in, I get an error message.
Can't login
After the update, it does not allow me to login.
Will not allow me to sign on. Useless if it cannot validate your membership. Customer support is basically non-existent for mobile app. Local gym cannot help either.
Keeps force closing when I try to log in.
Try to login to access my account but the app just churns and churns and churns. Buh bye!
Once initialized, freezes to 1/4 screen size.
The only reason it has 1 star is because you can not rate no star.  I can't login to use my membership card.  Total bummer.
I can't even open the app. It crashes on Every attempt
It's constantly force closing. I can't do anything on this app
Not tracking my check-ins properly.
App is a joke. Zip code search doesn't work, location hours are wrong. O am sure there is more. Seriously LA Fitness, stop offering an App if you're not going to support it. total joke and waste!
It's garbage when you can't log in
I just joined LA Fitness and decided to download this app. However whenever I try to make a reservation or find a class, it shuts down.
went in the store so that the transfer of information to refurbished phone be done right I still have apps saying installing its been two days. have to take it back. called digital contact started with suggesting new phone and that it can't understand what I previously text
slow, unresponsive, reserve a spot for spin class sometimes never appears
I'm tired of this low grade app. I mentioned the key fob/barcode idea through the email within the app. Never got a reply. I am uninstalling.
One star is being gracious
Now, force closes every time I open and/or try to sign in... updates that app brah
Will not recognize my member number or let me create an account.  All I get is errors.  Worthless app.
Upgrade doesn't let me use the app anymore.
Does not allow me to create a new account using my member ID.  An error has occured..please try again.
The app will not allow me to create an account because it says my email is invalid.  The front desk gave me the email connected with my account and it still does not work and they offered no assistance.
The membership ID check-in used to work great. Now my phone chokes and I have to remove my battery to get my phone to work. Uninstalled.
Won't work on nexus
App doesn't erase scheduled training sessions, continue to refresh to no avail. Also doesn't load membership card with ease.
This app really doesn't do anything of value for me other than to permit me to enter the club without a disintegrating piece of plastic attached to my key ring with a barcode on it. It worked fine on my iPhone for that. Now that I have moved to Android,  I'm unable to login. I keep getting the same error message which says to try again later. My internet is working, and I've tried it through WiFi and just my carrier's LTE network. With login broken, this app is useless to me.
Wont open after update
Not excepting my email address. So far the app sucks. Can't log in. Can't create account.
Does not work for my ics or jelly bean
This app doesn't work. Why change it..it is made to follow you around know where you are and what you are doing.  Who your family is and all your information.  Why do you want to down load this trash.
Do not cancel your membership through the app. You have to go in person or mail the billing office to cancel your membership. The data from the app does not sync to the billing office.
I'm trying to create an account and log in but it says error error error try again try again try again. I need the app to work please!!!
Can't login
All my check ins are not recording
Could not login, got an empty alert popup that said login error with no information on what was wrong.
Been a very easy setup to pay bills online to
A pure piece of junk. This app freezes on downloading a database. Doesn't end unless you rotate the phone. Won't LE me log in with my credentials, spins and spins and spins. Nothing. Won't let me retrieve my credentials. Try to locate a club : white page. Nothing else. Try to find a class near you : app crashes. Would be better NOT to have an app LA Fitness
It wont let me log in
This app crashes every time I try to search my zip code/city. Very frustrating.
The app doesn't show the card
Please fix your app.  I have sent feedback about it not operating properly multiple times and its been over a week and no fixes have been made. I am unable to log in and the app forces restart Every time I try to log in. Please fix.
Login Paradox: For some unknown reason I've been logged out of the LA Fitness app on my mobile device. This hasn't happened in almost 2 years, of course by now I don't have my username and pw since I've only needed it once in several years. Yet, to reset my login, I need my membership ID. This is hilarious, considering that I switched to the app so I wouldn't have to carry this card, and when you do so you can no longer use the card? 0 stars
This app is just informational. I would love to see an app that helps you plan your personal program to reach goals of healthiness.
Ancient ui. Not user friendly. Find a dev that knows what they are doing. Like the classes. Member card location. Your dev is clueless
Lots of bugs
The web and app reservation timings are off... On the web you can reserve the whole day at midnight, through app it's only to the time it is now...
Can only use this for the membership ship card. Everything else forces the app to close. I can't sign up for classes or check my account at all. Horrible app.
It won't do anything once its open. I used to use it all the time to look up classes.
After typing the membership key tag, asks for the 5 first numbers of my credit card. Which should not be, it should ask for my email. Even after typing the 5 first digits still don't work.  Horrible!
Where is the studio zone link thats supposed to be available to us??
I can log in on my laptop but the app gives me a log in error
Since the last update I can't reserve a racquetball court. Please fix!
This is a bad app,. Can't track anything,. Doesn't keep a card # Incase u lose your card,. Very bad app
This app does not seemed to be updated with current information about LA fitness clubs. I wanted to try it for a club around the corner from my house . No dice.
The app is pointless if you can't log in. Fix the bug
Check ins failure
This has got to be the slowest app I've ever used! You try and do something 
and it just spins and spins. Mobile apps are supposed to be for 
convenience, but this is nearly unusable.
Unable to cancel membership, no one responds to emails, no one picks up the phone, even the headquarters nobody is answering or able to cancel my membership. Even in person I got the run around saying a manager needs to do it , but they couldn't say when one would be in.
The app is only good for finding locations and their operation times, other than that, it is a waste of time
Since the new update it hasn't tracked a single one of my checkins - it's worse than before :/
Does not let me check in
I downloaded this app and I was happy with it untill today when I found out that once you download it, your keychain tag doesn't work anymore!
Samsung galaxy s4. ...the app freezes....cannot reserve racquetball court first time. ...have to close the app and tap it again to reserve racquetball court. ....
It ALWAYS force closes. Not useful, at all.
The app used to work with no problems. Now I can't jog in and  it's slower than molasses.  Please fix your updates.
I use to book all my activities on here and for the last 2 months it has not worked the same. They said give them a few months yo fit it, okay that sounds fair. Idiot's
It shouldn't forget your login info on app updates. This results in a lot of upset people trying to get into the gym at the same time.
90% of the time it doesn't allow me the option to RSVP for the classes I 
want! That is the only reason I have the app in the first place.
Don't care for this upgrade. I've had to save my favorite club a few times and have given up. I prefer the older version and didn't particularly care for that one either but it worked.
This company doesn't seem to be concerned about obvious hacking to this app. 10 seconds after the new set of appointments drops and the whole day of weight area is already all taken? That's 160 slots. There isn't even that many members attached to my home club. What a joke Fix this.
If you are going to make an app to make ppl check in at the gyms, make sure it works properly. I'm tired of being at the gyms door trying to make this piece of cr@p work.
I just signed up and was told that there is an app, but after downloading the app my phone started acting weird and the app itself is useless. One you login it kicks you out and you're not able to log back in.
Just got a membership and tried to log on. Kept getting an error message so I deleted the app.
VERY BAD APP. I PAID DUES THRU APP THEN I GET TO LA FITNESS DESK: THEY SAY I DIDNT PAY. I PAID TWICE NOW. I DO NOT TRUST THIS APP
Can't login
Will not work
I just want the Covid-19 health questionaire so I can enter my gym!
ridiculously dumb setup process
It was always really slow,  but now I can not book my training sessions or look at my check-ins anymore. Pretty much the only thing I can do is use the app to swipe in at the gym.  Very irritating.  Please fix!
Major security clearance to get into this app.  I never found out what treasure is inside for so much protection, because it wouldn't allow the password I wanted.
Sucks, continues to crash. I cant get pass the log in.
Does not work as it should
terrible
The new update says there's no personal training available anywhere. How am I supposed to make any appointments?
Every time I try to open it, it says loading...  and automatically closes.
Every update loses my account. And the account recovery wants my id#, which I don't have because why would I still have the id card that no longer works because I have the app? Attach accounts to email like everyone else on earth! Whoever the product manager is on this is clueless. The fact that the scan card and app are mutually exclusive is the worst
Cannot activate my membership card on LG K 51 running Android 10
i cant even use the app.. as soon as i start it and it asks "are you a guest or a member?" and i press member it just closes.. and even if i press guest and then something else it closes.. PLEASE MAKE IT WORK FOR GALAXY NEXUS!!
Worked once for 1/2 hour then never worked again. LG G2
Before I was very happy with the app, then it updated itself aand now I can't do my usual reservations or choose my club, is very frustrating :(
i can literally add my keychain info to any third party app without deactivating my keychain but you can't with this.
F20447736
can't reserve classes, app is always down. don't bother calling gym, by the time they "help" you if they even come back to you after leaving you on hold, the class is reserved.
It never works, always errors, and they won't give another card
The latest version does not download class schedule updates. The developer needs to do a much better job of testing updates.
Opens and closes. I can't sign in as a member and schedules off. Smh waste of data space
Didn't let me sign in, I guess I'll just use the website.
When i try to login with accurate info, it errors. When i press forgot username and enter the correct key tag, it errors. Fix your app, it sucks the d.
Every action takes a long time to complete (in minutes).  Nexus 5
Rateros nunca usen este gym
Not working Android 4.2
App won't let me create an account and hook up my key/code. Very inconvenient.
Doesnt work
Looks great, but does not work at all on my Android.
Unable to login
Regularly locks out several members at my gym. When thishappens it won't s sign me back in, and gives an error message.
Slow. takes forever to load data like check ins, etc..
To access I need a username/password. To get that I need a key code. Can't get that without username/password.
Cant log in after update. Location says to be within 500 feet of building, but I'm already in building. Remove this unneeded feature
Newest version requires location services to display QR code for check in. Cheap way to grab more data about us just to allow us to check in. Hint for others* Just screenshot your QR code then turn location services back off. There's no legitimate reason to need location services to scan a code.
Only reason i gave 1 star is because the app actually came up when i opened it. Cant log i.. perfect internet connection.. get to work people!
Wouldn't even let me connect as a member, keeps having trouble with la fitness web services.
Login is still spotty at best
Can't login with new account (app wants to access old, closed acct). Keeps asking me for a 4-digit PIN, but what the Club gave me was a key tag number. Uninstalled & reinstalled, still can't make it work.
I feel like I should get a fee gym bag just for the 20 min hassle of trying to download and get past login screen... Of which I failed.  Try beta testing next time la fitness.
This review is about the app only. It is super basic. Need to be able to do more with app: Track results Track weight Have recommendedations Be more proactive with gym members Able to change/update picture
Its great...when it works. That isn't often.
Very unsanitary! The place is not clean in areas that are most important.
This is waste of space it doesn't  work spent 30 min. putting my account no. in and kept getting an error message.  Doing harm to LA Fitness' brand.
Not as good as the I phone one.
Can't reserve classes. Very  disappointed. "LA app stopped working " pops up every time lately. It's very annoying that I can't sign up for classes. For me that's the only reason to use this app.
Signs u out of mobile app . Can't use membership function. Can't log back in or even reset password.  Everything says there is an error
This only links with gmail which I do not have. even when created an email for it. Still will not pull up and tells me to check back later. The update screwed everything up.
Won't open La Fail...
The user interface is dated, clunky, and not pleasing at all.  If I want to use something with large over simplified buttons I will use my POS system at work.
There is a 915 cycling class and the app is only showing classes that start at noon today. Itbis 845 now. Called club to confirm. Please fix.
Won't recognize my email address even though it's been verified. Can't access my qr code. Useless
App sucks on my android  have to borrow friends iphone to get rac balll reservations
The app doesn't work. I couldn't get access to the QR code then I couldn't log in. I had to get a new membership card since the other one was disabled. as faulty as the app is it should not disable your card. Terrible idea.
Fix this app please I have sent multiple feedback request.  This App keeps closing on me and wont let me log in.
It's 2020 the LA Fitness app deserves a redesign! Also please have the option to have both a key tag member card and digital card not one or the other.
Can't get it to log in. I'm using a Samsung S6 Edge. Pretty much the same error endive else is experiencing.  Time to uninstall.
"Enter the first 5 digits of your account ..." how is that a serious verification? It doesn't have any help whatsoever. I just cant pass by this step and I tried both my credit card and my fitness barcode, nothing I guess I wont be using the app
Often opens to a black screen. Not dependable.
Contactless check-in don't work
I thought it was only me. It was working great at first and now it won't connect
Cannot believe you cannot track check-ins.  Should be able to go back a version u til fixed
I can't book my personal training sessions anymore.... Where did reserve go?
App times out when I try to search for or book a racquetball reservation.
It doesn't really do that much outside of telling me when I joined, when I last visited in the previous 90 days and when I joined.
It will often reserve the challenge court which will not be honored when you arrive.  The front desk at the club said it happens all the time and they don't recommend the app either.
cannot get the information technology team to support my login. la fitness bought my membership from 24 hour fitness years ago, and no club manage knows how to help me get into my app. can the team who supports the app help me?
They do a update on the app and is not working anymore now it says i have to be close to the gym so I can scan the code (I'm in the gym and didn't work) .
Wrong zip code so it cannot validate my info.  Waste of time.
Unable to login so I can't even use the app.
Now with Covid, app needs to allow users to verify how many people have checked in to a particular gym to prevent users from traveling all the way to the gym to be told they have to wait before they can enter.
Locks up when one tries to play a video. Can't scroll down class description pages. Account information provided is very vague - worthless. Uninstalling...
This app is not allowing me to do anything
The old app was so much better and easier to use.  I like being able to schedule my personal training sessions using the app. On the old app you would schedule a session and it would add an appointment to you calendar,  very convenient for those with busy schedules.  Now not only is it harder to book a training session (more steps) it no longer adds the appointment.  Percentage of visits (frequency) is gone from check in screen. The app is slow, buggy,  and still crashes like the old one.
Second time I had to reinstall this app because its not working properly. Now I can't log in again an keep getting error msgs.
Keep logging me out, so annoying.
You cannot even login using your credential - useless app.
Keeps logging me out for no reason!
Won't let me sign in at all now. Before I constantly had to have account reset at the gym because I install new ROMs all the time and it only let's you activate one device every 30 days, very annoying for me and I'm sure the employees at the gym.
This is garbage. ..you cannot sign in even giving correct information
keeps crashing
It is a royal pita.  Every time I use it I need to enter a PIN, then an id and password. It's too much trouble
Basically useless......
Crashes as soon as you open it. Useless.
What does it do ?  Answer, nothing !
This app is worthless if it can't be used.  I can no longer log in.  My user ID and password work on the website so the problem has to be this app.  I liked it when it worked for the convenience. Update: I can now log in and the app is working. 2nd update: I can no longer log in and the app is worthless, it asks for my new user name and password and then does nothing.  They have made a worthwhile app useless.
Before upgrade to ice cream sandwich the l a fitness app work perfectly. After I c s was pushed to my razr maxx it will not operate at all. The app needs to be upgraded to work with all phones with ice cream sandwich installed.
Force closes 99% of the time.
Launches but crashes when you try to sign in.
It no longer works on my Samsung Note 8.
Junk Right Out Of The Box Cant even sign in with my account info. Lame.
It doesn't work
Login error just like everyone else
App wont let me reset my password.
Doesn't work
Always down, frozen. Can not log in.
Can't use it with my watch gear 3 no QR barcode to scan at gym app does NOT support it ... Need it asap
I can't get working. Won't allow me to log in
Stopped working.
Contactless checkin inexplicably stopped working. Crashes phone causing reboot.
I never trust LA fitness.when I join they talk very sweet.after join keep charging hidden fee.if I ask they don't care and now march/15th gym was closed corona virus.and they keep charging every month.so I call they never pickup phone or holding to long.
Never able to reserve a cycle class in Centerville O App is useless
Beware the latest update.   Requires permission to email my contacts on my behalf.   Fail!   Uninstall!
Launch app... screen appears for a second. .. then poof it disappears.  POS.
Error can't link my id
This app is useless. I cannot log in.
So frustrating.
Cannot download....
It is almost impossible to install and if you forget your password or 
username , for example if your phone crashes and you can't get at it, you 
can expect to spend a couple of hours trying to get access to an account 
that you had paid for
Horrible. Where is the access to fitness exercises at home?
Crashes... A lot. On Android 7.0.
Stops running too often
Not able to reserve Racquetball Courts
why not have a simple password reset like EVERYONE ELSE? Remembering a pin code and typing in bank info, just because i got a new phone and dont remember my password. i dobt keep the first 5 digits of my bank account on me. dont have a physical cade with a bar code either. why is this such a pain in the ass?
Closes every time I try to look for a class. Too bad.
I just installed the app today and set a PIN and tried to log in.  The first time it worked, but after the first time, I entered my PIN but was then prompted to log in again, but then received an error message.   I confirmed my login via computer/internet, and the password is fine.  HELP??!!!
The app hasn't been working for 2 weeks on my Samsung Galaxy S8 plus
The buttons are too small and I'm already a member, so you don't need to advertise how beautiful your gyms are on the home screen by taking up so much space with a pointless picture.
Horrible. Have problems with updating my training appointments.
I cannot schedule my personal trainer! Not user friendly!
Cannot log in after switching phones
When there are changes in the gym like class schedule cancellations these should be reflected here... I drove thirty miles on two occasions only to find out the gym studio was under construction... Utter BS
Seriously lousy.
Won't let me log in. New member and I want to log in!
Everthing about this app sucks. Doesn't properly use location setting for checking in.
The app does not list a gym even with a 50 mile radius setting and thus preventing me from reserving a racquetball court. It's been over two months of checking app and repeated phone calls to management.  Please fix app as promised.
App used to be decent until they decided to update the "contactless check in". Seriously never works!!! Just being able to pull up your membership card was so convenient but since they changed it, I haven't used the contactless even once as it only works when it wants.. As many others have said, it's totally random if the app will let you be within 500ft or not even if you're standing in the lobby of the gym!. I end up having to have a "contact" check-in with my phone #. Fix this!!
Worst company ever.
No choice but, gonna have to uninstall keep getting an error message trying to sign up.Guess I'll keep using my worn out key pass.
I reset my phone, downloaded the app, walked in to a club where I got my ID number and the app still won't log me in and will not allow me to create a new account or send me my user and password.  The kids working at the club don't know and don't care.  For tech support if you're reading I unloaded, restarted my phone and redownloaded again the app but it still does not work. Galaxy S4
It worked fine before changed my phone and it asked me to login and now i get this error message
Was great at first but now not working properly
I thought it was going to have special features to contribute to your on going process in the gym but it has nothing. It has the same information Google maps give you if you try to find their gym or if you go into their web page, don't understand why we would need this app. And why does it ask to disable key tag?
The app keeps shutting down everytime I try to open it up. I recently got an incredible 4G, before I had a Droid Charge and it worked perfectly
Totally worthless.  Only downloaded to add my membership tag and got errors creating my account.  Finally created the account online and I still get login errors from the app.  Waste of time.
Worthless
My login info has been lost too many times. Visitis not logged, The app needs a lot of work
And they dont let you use keyring any longer.
I cant schedule squat!
Can't log in or create/reset an account.  Need update to fix
Doesn't work anymore!
I haven't been able to open the app even once. Flashes on screen and them just disspears. A message comes up saying "unfortunately LA Fitness app has stopped working"...it never started working!
So I can either use the badge or this app to get into the gym but not both! Where's the convenience in that. Then if I go back to using the badge they want to charge $5. Poorly thought out
It keeps shutting down. PLEASE FIX!!!!
Doesn't work. Can't reserve courts because locations don't show up. Deleted and reinstalled to no avail.
must uninstall and reinstall often
The check ins at the club do not show up on the app. No one can provide guidance or assistance with the application
Barcode does not work will not pull up for me that's all.
The update dumped my account and does not allow a reset. Glad i kept my plastic tag. So much wasted time
Can't even make a profile..
It sucks. Doesn't alert us when gym is closed. Its difficult to book a 
class. When you click on reserve now it doesn't allow you to reserve a 
bike. They say 24 hours prior its more like 23 and x amount of minutes what 
ever x is. Or u go to reserve and its full before it even said reserve now
The app isn't even tested.gives me blank screens
The locations listed now are not near me as they used to be! Why not?
Don't  think so
This app is too boring. There is nothing interesting about it. Period.
Sucks .....fix ur app or get it off the app store
That app doesn't work. Just shuts down upon opening.
"Please try again when you are within 500ft of a club"....looks at LA Fitness front desk girl😒🤷‍♀️
LOG IN ISSUES
NEVER works on my Nexus S. ALWAYS freezes my phone! Uninstalling.
The new location based contactless sign in is complete garbage. It will only let you use your app based membership card when it decides you are at the location, with no option to pull it up when it fails to recognize that you are standing in the club. Please revert to the previous configuration and drop this horrendous location based service implementation.
Designed by a kindergartner!
This is a terrible  App at this point
Samsung galaxy s ii
Keep getting an error message when I attempt to log in.  Tried setting up new account and when I enter my membership tag # I get same error.
Check in history typically takes a very, very long time to load. I reset my online account today and now all of my check ins for January 2018 are gone in the check in history tab. Hope it will be fixed soon!!!
Forces close. Cannot get logged in. Doesn't seem to work at all. Tried numerous times on different days.
The app won't even open on my lg motion 4g...
Don't bother w/ this app.
I was really excited to download this app, but the membership card feature has only logged about half of my visits. Other features like an exercise log or recipes, etc would be a good thing to add.
Junk
App shuts down all the time
It don't let me to sign in
It took 9 months throughout pandemic to finally enable club reservation through App. But they couldn't make it configurable enough so you know which part of the club to use. It has one main option and lists everything else as "The Rest". With that they managed to break the only useful feature of the app, which is membership card. It no longet works.
Inside the club and it tells m we can't open membership card unless within 500 ft. Worthless
full of bugs, wiped out login after update, outdated UI...
The app won't let me log in with my key tag number
Update: app is still garbage. Update: still unable to reserve courts. Prompts with there is no info in the search criteria on newest day. How does basic functionality not work? Arguably the ONLY functionality.
No problems with the app just hated the gym
Its stupid I'm going to delete it
This app CONSTANTLY logs me out of my account, and when I try to log back in, my account no longer exists or has changed. The stupidest part is that I can't even rest my account, I have to go to a club to do it. This is the 5th time I've had to reset my account, extremely inconvenient and annoying, fix it!
The application had my membership key.  Now they want 5 bucks to get a key tag.  Scam!
Why can't I see all the trainers on the app? Why would I want to call the location to make an appointment?
Have to install and uninstall to reserve cycle class on android
Before the update, the app was incredibly slow, but at least would work....eventually. After the update, it doesn't work at all. Can't schedule personal training, the PT sessions available are different depending if they are looked up by trainer or date, app freeezes randomly, and app quits to home screen randomly. Ridiculous that the app won't work considering how much money I spend at the gym
Doesn't even let me set up an account, this is the worst app I have ever seen. Is there a half a star option?
Membership card never loads.
Contactless check in doesn't work
app is frozen and won't load incomplete pages
app won't open..just keeps crashing
Doesn't work half the time! Grrrrr!
I can't log in after I log out it keeps saying errors need an update soon.
I put in my PIN and nothing happened. Wont let me log in either. 😡 after looking at reviews I hope someone sees the issues and fixes them. Shouldnt have to deactivate the plastic card either?
The main reason I like to use the app is to keep record of how often I work out. Sometimes it records accurately, sometimes it doesn't record at all.
Won't even open. This new update sucks.
Contactless mobile check-in never works. Can you just take off the location limit please?
CRASHES UPON LAUNCH!! Will not open on Note 8, ever since 8 March 2018.
This app is trash ! Can't login , keeps giving error messages when I try to log in . when it was working I tried to reserve for a class and it wouldn't let me so I had to reinstall the app, now I can't log in. Also, my gym has been without the cable machines for months and still no one is doing anything about it.
Can't open since update
Says it can't connect to the web service.
Not functional.
I had to do a master reset on my phone... fact of life now a days. Mid month. Logged into my la fitness account... No work out history. Cleared data in app, logged in again, no history. Using PC, logged in, see full history... Why? Edit: the history came back a day or 2 later... Why?
Doesn't even open. Crashes when you try to open it
I cannot even download it
Useless,won't let me log in.
cannot keep track of work out. glorified calender
Terrible they told me the time to book for the next day resets at 9pm everyday but by the time it hits 9 all the weightroom/ground floor is booked already and I've even set up an alarm for 7 and 8 and they still get all booked up so I cant even book an appointment for the weight room any more the timing is so random and I work night shift
This appt. has nor worked right since the new update.
Won't allow me to sign up.
How do you get a barcode when all i have is an app that i can't log in with. Im moving to 24 hour fitness!! Idiot's.
I installed the app a few days back and everything seemed to be working fine. After the update it logged me out and asked for my pin and then I was redirected to the login screen. When I put my credentials it says an error has occurred but I know for sure the credentials are correct as I can logon to the website. This needs to be fixed. It also deactivated my tag after I started using the app. Basically the app is useless to me now.
I had to reinstall the app because I had gotten a new phone. The only way to get into your account is to enter member barode# and last 5 digits of bank or credit card associated with this account.  For a person like me who has had LAFITNESS account prepaid for 5 years you won't remember the bank or credit card you originally paid it with. They should have another alternative choice or send verification via email or something ekse. People will have more than one credit card.
No t working
The app would be 5 stars if classes were updated. Have to.use website to find out Arlington had noon cycling classes since app is incorrect.
After the most recent update, it wouldn't let me see my tag, then wouldn't let me log in with any credentials. Even after clearing all cache and data.
Doesn't work
You would think that a place that spends so much time and money on their stores would throw a few bucks at the app to get it working. Can't get it to work on my android phone. Get it working and I may bump the rating.
This app keeps getting an error when I enter my email to create my account. I reinstalled and tried but I still have no luck. I have samsung Galaxy Note2. I guess I will uninstall since it doesn't work..
horrible...forgot my login info and it did nothing to help me get me in.
They don't update the app with current class schedules, or current clubs. App doesn't work. Doesn't allow me to reserve spots for cycle class. Says I'm not online and I am. Junk app. My local la fitness has no cell service so check in won't work.
I can't sign on
I now have a new phone and had to reinstall the app. Will not recognize my username/password and does not recognize my member key tag number to change it.  I am able to login in to the LAF website, as well as confirm my key tag number directly.
Funny I feel like I have to agree with the rest of the respondents, "IT DOESN'T WORK!! "
App is not updated,  I got this app for the class schedule, yet it's still showing the holiday schedule.
The only reason for use for me is now gone. Terrible!
Error continues to occur
I put all my information in and it kept telling me I put in the wrong 
information I've been a member of this gym for 5years I've been a member of 
the gym for five years and I need a pass and I can't get one now
I have an HTC Glacier (T-Mobile MyTouch 4G), and it completely died while trying to run this app for the first time. Shut off and won't turn on, won't charge, nothing. I'm waiting for my replacement phone to arrive now.
I use the same credentials on a pc and I log in easily every time.  With this app it won't let me in. It's just keep on getting worse! Useless!
can't download it
So stupid. signs you out right when you need it then password doesn't work
Hasn't worked in weeks, got excited yesterday when I saw there was an update. STILL DOESN'T CONNECT TO LA FITNESS WEB SERVER
Doesnt work properly on pixel 4xl can't access membership card but everything else works
Username is case sensitive! it took me over an hour to log in since it did not capitalize the first letter of my email address. Check your confirmation email from LA Fitness and make sure all the letters match in your username!
Constantly logs me out of the application and says my membership is inactive. Horrible app. Need to go back to scanning normal keytags.
Will not download
No content, essentially useless
Most of the info is not accurate and features do not work.
Impossible to use due to frequent crashes. Uninstalled.
Couldn't log in
Yesterday, I was able to reserve a space for a class using the mobile app. Today, I cannot. The option to do so has disappeared. Also, while I was typing an email to the developer, the email shut down (accessed email app via the app store, not directly through gmail) and trying to access LA Fitness via the app store just resulted in a loop of it opening/closing every time I tried.
I'm like the others and cannot get past trying to enter account number
Contactless check-in is garbage. Never pulls up correctly. Who thought this was a good idea? BRING BACK THE OLD CHECK IN.
I cannot login and will constantly receive the "error, please login again" warning.
Just closes right away on my nexus.
App is Incompetent. Can not log in.
The most recent update won't allow me to use the app at all. It shuts down even just opening the app.
getting an error message.  guess I will see if they fix it since it seems to be happening a lot.
Worked fine until this recent update.  Now I can't get my card to load up
It kept freezing and wouldn't let me access anything on the main page
No club within 50 miles, there are 5 club's within 12 mile of me. Also deleted club's I saved an,class times said no classes within 50 miles when I am in a club. This happened with last update :-(
Pretty useless app. I don't know why anyone would want it.
Error when I try to create account in Galaxy S5. Piece of crap! Does not deserve even 1 🌟!
Always signs me out. This time it wont let me sign back in
Won't let me login even though online account works on website. Useless!
Will not move past the email verification.
Can't do anything. Its always frozen.
Won't open. Just crashes. Fix this immediately.
Always shuts down. Can't reserve personal training or check for classes
impossible to create an account asking for 5 digit# when there are only 4 on the contract
Improve the design soon. Very poor.
Randomly logs out and to log back in you need a barcode that isnt provided when you sign up for a gym membership.
If you don't know your password it asks for your number and email then says there is an application error. Not a network error. Not our computers are down for maintenance until sometime. Not the information you submitted is not found. It is a poorly, very poorly, designed app. Maybe it is a virus capturing people's identity.
I use to use this app all the time but this latest update won't even allow the app to even open and work...please fix ASAP!!!
This thing is a nightmare, can't log in no matter what I do.
This app is useless, my card won't even pop up to use in the club, please fix this
slow
it doesnt have any if features it suppose to as far as clicking on machines your using..
Doesn't work. Please fix it#
stupid app and stupid ppl at the gym
The Android version of this apps crashes a lot assuming u can log in
Cannot get past login before app crashes and closes. Useless!! You can't even use it!!!
Can't select a gym and do a 2 week visitors pass for my buddy. Guess you don't need any sales..
Considering the app always stops working and force closes most of the time its not a great app. The one time I got it working it was helpful.
Maybe it is my lg touch phone, but whenever i tried to enter my zip code it comes a black sign that says unfortunately app  has stopped either report or cancel...then it starts all over again and app dissapears...please fix it...
This app is garbage, its only a link it doesn't do any thing
Will not work with my new Samsung Galaxy S7 edge was working with my previous phone please fix
I accepted the update and now the app won't open at all. I've uninstalled and downloaded several times. Still locked out of app. Can't get past download screen.  Suggestions?
App requests permission to access data that is exceedingly intrusive and appears unnecessary to function. Should delete those permissions or adequately explain them.
poor services
use to work fine but now it just crashes on start up please fix
unable to log in. so frustrating
Update logged me out - can't log in? Password didn't work (have it written down), to log in without a password requires a key tag, not an email reply forgot password update? People use the app so that they can scan into the gym without the key tag, it's part of the app function!!! I haven't had a key tag for over two years, and I don't want one, please change the forgot password option to just an email reply like EVERY OTHER SITE PAGE ON THE INTERNET! No one wants a key tag.
I signed up for a membership today and created my account online. This app just gives me an error and crashes when I try to log in.
Very frustrated app. Not worth the time. Difficult to navigate. Uninstall 
it and go back to my key tag.
So frustrating. I think they hired an 8 year old to make this app. Smh
Information within your profile  disappears and will reappear days later, including profile information, check ins, classes and hours of operations. App does not sync with online systems.  LA Fitness account person said not to use app, to use key tag only.
Latest update completely crashed, and I am unable to reload on my phone. Repeated attempts failed. Even went in to LA and they were very apologetic. Going to have to be old-school with my keytag again (luckily I saved it!)... & wait until the next 'upgrade' to the app. Worked fine until the last update. Wish I could go back just one update! ;-)
Doesn't work. Put in correct information and it's telling me I'm not
Force closing. Cannot access club locations and classes. Please fix
Cannot even login
Not working. Not even opening...
This app needs MAJOR work. Get it together
Takes to much private information from phone.
You Chang phones and the app won't let you log in.
Bugs need to be fixed! !!
Add Guest, Not! Last Chech-In, Nope! Closest Location, Where? & they claim it's fixed every time I ask, WTH? Get it TOGETHER folks. Put the money back in the club, not in your pocket!
it never seems to work right and now it won't pull up my membership card when I come in... also won't let me search for clubs again I guess it's because this stupid app is for the American clubs and doesn't really work for Canada properly
Very bad app
Check-ins still not working.
Thought it would have class schedules. Links to fb page, reserve a trainer, that's about it.
Oh...can't remember your user ID?  Who knows their member tag #?  Email ability to recall information would be nice...especially when I am trying to get into the club!
I just uploaded the app & it keeps crashing.
Downloads on my Samsung S9, but not on the S10+
Constant unexplained error messages at log in. Unusable...
App crashes immediately after trying to open.
App is garbage...went to gym this am and wouldn't open..then girl at front desk cleared it and still doesn't work..don't know what u guys did
This app no longer allows me to reserve a class and no longer keeps track of my checkins. After consulting several staff about this problem, I was told to delete the app and start over. I did this and now cannot checkin. I consulted Ali,a manager ,who tried without success to correct the problem. I was told to contact LA Fitness management.
New member trying to reserve a class, does not allow. Super frustrating
Not any help for a member. No functionality. Not even a schedule event check off. A waste of memory bytes.
Downloaded and installed it but then it refuses to let me create an account. "null" error over and over even after 2nd install, 2 reboots of my phone. Makes me so mad.
My membership card never works! Its sooooo annoyingggggggg
The calendar says I haven't been to the gym once.  The gym says I have been there 10 times in June.  Need to fix this now.
The app keeps crashing due to the update. I have to check in the gym using my number
App uses a lot less data since last update due to the fact that it immediately crashes upon launch.
App kicked me off and i can no longer get into my account
It crashes so much it's basically unusable.  The previous one was much more stable.
Won't let me log in.. Yet I can log in fine on the website
Have tried to reserve a racquetball court for two days now.   App indicates there are no clubs near me.....I guess the 3 clubs within 10 miles from don't count.....this app provides no convenience for me.....
Frustrating
I tried to sign in as a new member 10 times with correct info! then uninstalled the the app and tried again to same issue. It won't let me sign in. It says there's some error with no explanation of how to resolve issue. Not worth your time.
My PT shows to be available on various days of the week and after 6 minutes if loading, it shows zero availability. I have two prebooked sessions that I could see until before I updated the app. After takinh 4 minutes to load the page, it says no sessions. Samsungs S4.
App works fine on my tablet but freezes on my Sony Xperia.  The personal training sessions never load.
Spontaneously won't open.
I find it hard to believe that there's no other way to verify who I am besides the first 5 digits of my credit/debit card or bank account.  Why wouldn't you at least use the last 4 digits like every other institution?
Crashes each time I click on "Favorites."
Bugs, errors and won't even let me sign in anymore. Extremely annoying
Add a count for this month's check ins.  Put them back together instead of by Club.
Would be great except it froze the first time I opened it. Once opened, it won't let me change the zip from the preprogrammed CA zip code.
Worst app ever downloaded every week which crap for the money you pay as a member of the the worst app
I don't know what happened to this app in the last week but just like everyone else it's full of errors.
App changed overnight, now requires usrrname and password. I cannot create account because I don't have barcode from key tag that broke off years ago. App is useless to schedule training appointments. I used to be able to see membership number when I scanned in at club. It's impossible to see membership card now.
An error occurred immediately after downloading while trying to log in. How useless is that?
Doesn't accept my membership/keytag number, subsequently I can't create an account. Funny thing is, they have no problem withdrawing my monthly dues from my bank account.
Does not work Useless.
Could have more access to cancel or renew.your acct.
Keeps telling me error connecting to the LA Fitness website. I think it's from the recent upgrade
the app logged me out and it doesn't let me log back in! i am now having to check in at the front desk every morning.
Shuts down or stalls repeatedly while opening or using app for Motorola Razor Maxx
Too many permissions required.
I belong to the gym! I use the app all the time and use it for scheduling my lessons with my trainer however when updates for the app hit the phone nothing is working correctly. Please Fix It
the worse app. does not store club info, scheduling classes fails at time, classes are dropped. adding to calendar does not work. Ridiculous and frustrating
App crashes with Samsung Galaxy S8+
Can't check in anymore
Cannot open this app at all. It loads then closes.
Always closes
This app doesn't let me select location by zip code to check times of class near me.
Ugh. Won't let me reserve classes repeatedly
Crashing on Samsung Note 8.
Needs a booking feature like GoodLife has. Shouldn't be first come first serve, as it's a waste of people's time. Also, would be nice if this app had more features (a few recommended workout plans, tracking your reps/weights, and some other basic goal setting stuff)
always down
Not a great first impression for joining the club....just get the stupid plastic key fob...
What good is having an app if you can't even pay your bill from it?  They have an account status page, and mention the next due date on ANOTHER page, but there is NO BUTTON...ANYWHERE.....from which to make a payment.  Useless.
It ALWAYS NEVER WORKS!
Doesnt work for canadian locations anymore so it is kind of pointless now	Doesn't work for Canadian locations anymore so it is kind of pointless.
Personal training sessions never expire at LA fitness, but when I went to schedule a session, they had disappeared from the app saying I have 0 sessions available.
Nothing will work. No logins or anything else.
If I could, I would leave no stars. I downloaded the app specifically for reserving spinning bikes and scheduling personal training sessions. The PT booking function doesn't work, as it consistently tells me that there are no openings for the next two weeks despite the fact that I can go on the website and schedule just fine. I tried uninstalling and reinstalling and now it won't let me log in at all. The app is a compete waste. Don't bother with it.
Fatal error simply trying to create an account. Doesn't work.
App closes if I try to use the location feature to find classes.
Why does it require a credit card
App is broken unable to load
Crashes always
It's a necessity, but an awful one. Check-ins take a minute to load
HORRIBLE! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME. The app won't function what so over!
It was working fine before the update, now I can't log in, but I can still log in from the website.
searching for a class is useless
Run from these crooks. They charged my account illegally $195 after I cancelled membership 10 days prior to billing date. I use YMCA  now for $77.00 monthly for me and my family instead of $255 for LA Fitness.
Looks like a good app. However, I can't log into the app.
Everytime I select a club location it stops working and kicks me out!
Pretty useless... Its not tracking my check-in...uninstalled and installed 
the app number of times but still does not let me reserve court or trach my 
scanned check ins! The only thing i can do on app is check of class 
schedules.
App reset without warning and now won't let me log in because I no longer have my bar code. I have not used my bar code for a year and half since I was using my phone app to enter the club. Terrible app.
Update sucks
It constantly logs me out and it says my login information is incorrect which it isn't. And I have to log in to train with my trainer! Fix please
Wanted to reserve Racquetball court. After trying to do that on this app, I want to quit the gym and go live in a cave. Awful UI.
The graphics are blurry and looks like someone made it with MS Paint. It constantly force closes. It doesn't respond when I press any buttons on the homescreen. It rotates based on the direction I'm holding the phone, whether I want it to or not and while my phone is not in screen rotation mode. I keep trying to delete a gym from my favorites list and every time I open the app it's back on the list again. You would think a company as large as this wouldn't put out something so basic.
App Update doesn't work on GNote 8
Impossible to reserve racquetball courts on android 4.1.1 jellybean... it won't let you  change club location, please fix however now I just use their new mobile website that seems to be getting more support/dev/attention
I can't even log in, it says log in error after I type the membership tag. Useless app.
This app doesnt even show one of their clubs that opened a month ago. Waste!
Hi, new member here. This app sucks. I just need it to login at the gym but the app won't authenticate...error message not helpful. Now, I thought maybe I had the wrong password or something but the webpage works just fine. Plus it seems like there's no resolution in sight...hmm, was joining a mistake? Maybe.
I don't know if the app works.  It won't let me in.
App used tp be a 5 star BUT after last update, it's 0 stars. App doesn't ope now!
I downloaded the app a few days ago and it worked fine. All of a sudden today I tried to access my mobile keytag and I am unable to login into the app to access it. I am giving this app one star for the moment due to broken functionality. Please fix ASAP as I don't not have a physical keytag to enter the gym.
The app will not open on my DROID Razor after the last update. Joe 9/15/2012
Just AWFUL!  And customer service unfortunately could not help me.  I had to create a whole new account when I switched phones.  Very frustrating...
Absolutely infuriating!!!!  I know my credentials are correct because I got right in to the website.  The app has dumped me and seems determined to keep me out.  Merry Friggin Christmas from LA Fitness, I suppose.  My device is a Galaxy S4, a pretty current and capable mobile.  I was warned this would happen.
New contactless feature never works..... Need to update app back to previous version.
Keeps crashing on Samsung Galaxy S8. Unusable.
This app has never worked for me or anyone at the club they always have to look me up.
If I could give -5 stars I would. Horrible app and horrible update, made the app useless and not working. Going to the gym is a hassle now since I have to wait for people to look my up on their computer to sign me in manually. REVERT to old app LA Fitness!!!!!!
It doesn't work i hope u guys do something (:
Useful app but ever since I switched from iphone to Samsung G3 , app automatically closes whenever I try and open it.  Please fix
App won't open on my phone, immediately crashes. Galaxy edge 8
So buggy doesn't work most of the time. Can't book training half the time and my schedule doesn't show up. This app used to work months ago but doesn't anymore. The only thing it's good for now is the tag barcode. Test your app before releasing developers.
Can't log in now.
It wont let me use my mobile ID.
How about a member gym partner search?  How about exercise videos?  This app was useless for me.
You should not have to create a new user name when your own app will not accept my password. You should be able to just reset your password.    CHANGE THIS CRAPPY APP
I've been trying to figure out the app. I don't work code but i signed out and now i can't sign in. I want to cancel my account and guess what.... Gold's gym is back! Mail it in our come in from 6 to 3???? Otherwise you can go to prison like me. Thanks technology... Hahahahahaha. I was told to laugh. Also the club was 7 to 11pm, and now the club it is 8 to 8 pm... Same price. I did not sign up for that so that's grounds for termination.
It logged me out and now I'm getting an error every time I try to log in. No luck reinstalling the app either
App will open, then when I select a club to view class schedule it crashes. Every. Single. Time.  Useless.
App opens and immediately closes.  Needs a serious fix!!
Cant log on with app anymore.  How about a fix for it?
They welcome you as a movie star then after you sign all the papers they don't know you.
To the developers: Have the class you add to your calendar actually add to your phone's default calendar.
won't let me create my account.
It's super glitchy, will not work most of the time. No matter what I do it says please try again when with in 500 ft of club, even when I'm inside the damn lobby. Total garbage!!
Where is tranning class vedeos.
The app is only useful as ID; otherwise, completely useless. For instance, it will not provide REAL info about specific clubs (no club even bothers to put up info) nor does it have an option to freeze your account, for which they make you call. Cancellation of your account requires to mail a form. That is correct: in 2020, LA Fitness does not support online cancellation.
Doesn't even track check ins anymore. Lame
The app doesn't work!!! I can't even log in to find a gym near me. Nothing in  the app works
If I enable this app on my phone my plastic tag will be disabled. That would require me to always bring my phone into the club. This is not what I do.
Won't recognize my email address when trying to set up my account, yet I'm in your database when my card is scanned.
This app logged me out and said I needed to update, so I did. Signed back in and now the QR code is completely missing. That's all that I use the app for. I don't have my key tag anymore. Gym staff shredded it up once I started using the QR.
Trying to get class schedule website is better
Scam. all you guys care about is money. Rather go to a private gym.
Crashes when logging in. Literally impossible to use.
Can't even log in...
Garbage
Contactless check in NEVER works.. unbelievable it still has not been fixed. I have to check in with my phone number every time. Completely useless app now as barely any updates were given during the Covid-19 closures. I got more gym info from the local news channels than this app!
Contactless check-in doesn't work ever and even when you check-in at the front desk, it doesn't register that you checked in on the app.
Too many bugs even after fixing them
Typed in key tag #, checked my e-mail for authorization code........received e-mail,  NO AUTHORIZATION CODE. The space was empty, tried 4 times. It had the right e-mail for my key tag, just no code. Dumb
App does not allow a Racquetball court reservation for 2 hours when the front desk says a court is available. I must use my PC to make a 2 hour reservation. Thanks to Customer service for working on this and making this a priority.
Doesn't let you login, sits there for 10 min then error. I use it for my card scan so fix it already!!!! Been broken for weeks! How does basic crap like this even make it production!....terrible user experience..is the LA Fitness IT team even aware??? Idiots
The teachers listed on the class schedule has not been updated in a month.
But still nowhere near user friendly. You would think LA Fitness has deep enough pockets to hire good designers. Sadly that's still not the case
Won't let me login with we code
Unable to make a reservation on app. Then they said update still no change ????
App does not launch. Please fix issue.
Since the latest update the app crashes immediately after opening. And it doesn't even open. I click the app, it looks like it's going to open and then I see "LA FITNESS APP HAS STOPPED WORKING"
Never gets past reservation times for r-ball courts. Not surprising considering source I guess.
Get Jelly Bean Support Please.
Unable to login via the app. "Incorrect username/password" but on the web 
version it let's me login with same info 🤔
New member here but can honestly say that the my account and the membership tiles do work consistently. Fortunately I was able to experience the level of treatment from the gym trainer at the Brandon location who scheduled my initial consultation for a 7pm appointmemt and never showed up, she convinced me it's just not gonna work out. Love the gym but with the app issues and now the staff, or lack thereof of, so long LA fitness.
Can not open my membership card since the gym reopened. The message says " try again later when you are within 500 ft of the gym" I never saw this message before.
This app is a huge background data hog and has many privacy invading features. Why is it always running in the background?
Can't login - just like the typical LA Fitness employee, app doesn't work
Like others, I jumped on the bandwagon, and now I'm locked out... Can't log in any longer. LAF should be embarrassed by this glitch... Not to mention that creating the QR code presumably canceled the use/validity of the tag! Now what?
The app force closes on my HTC rezound I can't access anything.
Worked for 10 mins... Now will not let me log in.  "An error has occurred,  please try again"
App will not stay open and doesn't really do anything. Total garbage!
Useless if it doesn't let me sign in using Galaxy S7. I had the app on the S5 and worked with no problems. I do login on the web, but the app doesn't work.
This app. Is terrible alway have to reset should stayed with my gym card.   Lousy app not worth it
Keeps crashing even after uninstalling and reinstalling
Needs improvement
I keep getting an error that won't met me log in on the mobile app. Completely worthless and tech support is nonexistent. I'm using an android with KitKat 4.4.2.
After updating I no longer have the quick read icon and no way to log in.
Logs me our and then locks me out. Horrible App.
If you like being the guy who holds the line up then this is the app for you. It seems to only work when it feels like it. It needs allot of work.
Who designed this app or LA Fitness' website? I enjoy the wide array of locations, but this company is such an old school "let's not spend money on innovating" company I'd be happy to jump ship to a 21st century gym.
Can't login to the account - nothing happens after clicking the login 
button.
couldn't log in.  it sucks
Before all the updates, no log in problems, now I have confirmed username password pin and it still won't log me in.
The thing this app needs more than anything is a radio app so I can hear one of the 10 TVs at the gym..they're set to stations that can't be picked up by my phone
Membership card won't load
Shotty sales techniques, and the app is slow.
Unable to access. Unable to place me bership on hold. You need to be sure 
your app works, we pay enough to expect that at least
Its total garbage. Wont let me log in saying wrong PW. I can log into their website fine but not this app. Also if i try to recover PW on the app, it loops me to account creation and tells me that the username already exist. Total garbage. Absolutely total garbage.
The membership button needs to be in the first row and MUCH MUCH BIGGER. It is the ONLY thing I use. Dumb UI design
App doesn't work all the time.
Nothing works on this app. Can't log in. Can't get to membership card. Everything takes forever to load. Fix this piece of crap if you expect clients to use it.
Created last decade. UI is hideous. It's basically a mobile webpage, an ugly one. Even the app thumbnails show a 2012 Galaxy S3! Poach some Strava developers. Start from scratch.
Wanted to use this for class schedules and to reserve training but it just didn't work. The processing circle on all the pages never stop, so it's useless. My app crashed on me two of the three times I opened it, so I'm going to have to uninstall.
It was great scheduling my workouts and keeping track of classes and with my trainer. Now, it won't recognize me and won't let me log in. When I finally get to log in, it won't show my training schedule.
Pretty horrible update there folks. Good job on that. Thank god I workout with my partner or who knows how I'd get in.  But seriously, get it working.
Keeps crashing when I try to open it. This new update sucks. Cant even get in the app...
It crashes, gets frozen, does not work properly
Force closes on my   phone. Useless. Works fine on my tablet.
app doesn't tell me where gyms are located?
All my check ins from the past four months are completely gone. Says I have never been,  which is a lie I was just there.
Terrible UI and not clear user readability/navigation
It just doesn't work. I try going to all the different sections and they are all blank like there is nothing that I can set up with for classes or instructors. I have no way of making sure my trainer knows that we have a session coming up. There are 0 confirmation when appointments are booked. I really hate this app.
Cannot add events to calendar!
I'm a new member and this app will not let me create my account.
App doesn't let me reserve a spot for cycle until class is full
Unable to schedule appointments with my trainer.
This app is getting worse. Now I can't even reserve personal training sessions on here. Stop changing things!!! Pls fix this app. I'm about ready to uninstall it! I can't even reserve classes to my calendar anymore.
I am very disappointed with this app. When it works, it has very limited features, and you're better off using the website, no matter how slow it may be (keep in mind that I run 5mb/s on a cat5e cable and a netgear router for wireless traffic, so my connection isn't the problem) after about 5 minutes of use, the actual device crashes. I tested this on a fairly new galaxy s4, and a nexus 7 1st gen, all running Android 4.x.x. Perhaps, it's the OS that this app doesn't like, or maybe I just had bad luck.
Always crashes
The head line days it all, if my information or information of my contacts is obtained through this media you will have a big issue in your hands.
I get the error can't connect to LA Fitness Site, then sends an error report and shuts down.  HELP
sucks
Code scanner geo fence bug. Couldn't access card. Fact they even felt the need to implement shows u the kind of company they are
Wont log in.
Unable to create account.
I can't even reserve an opening, it's hard to make it to some appointments because I am a busy man. This is getting really frustrating. You charged the annual fee as if this was the same gym it used to be. Now I'm so angry with your way of managing things. I will cancel my membership and move to Planet fitness at least they let you stay longer for only 10 dlrs a month.
have to jump through hoops to create an account to use the app to sign into the gym
App will not open at all. The worst app ever.
Waaaay too many glitches. Waste of 20 min
Still broken, needs another update. Not giving accurate class info and can't reserve any classes. Keep saying device not connected to any network. Happens on wifi or phone network. But my phone is online. I can sign in to la fitness from chrome, just doesn't work in this app.
Barcode flatly doesn't work right.  After a week of having my account deleted and reset.  It worked one day.  Next time I opened the app it won't display claiming I have installed on another device.  Location service doesn't work, so you have to punch in a zip code.....
Would not take my tag number to be accepted using my cel and woud'nt recognize my last name
Crap. Keeps closing doesn't even load.
The app is not intuitive to use, icons don't make sense, and there are no back buttons or global navigation. Terrible UI and UX. Hit areas of buttons are glitchy. I'm surprised that LS Fitness hasn't put more resources on their site/app.
Bad
I logged onto the wifi at my City Sports Club on SF and was taken to a page that recommended this app, but after installing there's no info for clubs in my area. Uninstalling.
Corporste will mot respond. The Kenwood Ohio location is awful. Poop in the toilets, two lights burned out, inoperable soap dispensers...and nobody cares.  Management has been told three times about the soap dispensers not working...they do nothing to correct the situation.
Will not open. It was working fine  changed phones and now it just crashes. I uninstalled and reinstalled it still crashes. I guess I'll have to go back to using a card for my membership.
Waste of time downloading. App never allowed me to log in with key tag.. Nor, did it allow me to use the " Contact us" feature.  :(
Says I have an account but I have never signed in and it will not let me reset the account.  Keeps saying there was an error.
Horrible new update. The contactless update has made the app completely useless. This needs corrected immediately.
it never works to preserve a class
App was fine until it logged me out and now I can't log in.
App does not work well, keep getting log in fails, waist of download data.
What happened?!! App worked for years, now will not update (have uninstalled and reinstalled numerous times)also will not accept my user ID or password, or let me create a new account with my number on the key fob. Very disappointed. Everything fine when I login on my computer, so it's just the mobile app.
wont stay open for any kind of use. I have restarted. uninstalled. restarted. redownloaded. craptastic app
Not working
Tried to find gym hours. Their web site isn't set up with a mobile version and their full site wouldn't display hours on my phone so I downloaded the app. It crashed every time I selected a club's hours, even after restarting phone
What have you done to this application... again? The login is not working... again.  Can't you fix/ update things without breaking them? The app is totally useless at this point.
doesn't allow class reservations anymore.
Doesn't sync with Google Calendar even though all the options are there, very basic design, long load times, overall poor app. Has its purpose, but could be done much better and have features that work.
I loved using the app to schedule personal training. But one day it wouldn't let me book any new sessions or show me my previously booked sessions. I tried several things to fix the problem that didn't work. Including reinstalling and now it says incorrect username and password. Please fix. It will be such a hassle to go on website to schedule appointments. Will be happy to change rating afterward.
App keeps crashing
The app is ti slow!
Not sure what the point of this app is. Only thing usefully i see is being able to track when i was at the gym.
Tell me to go into a gym every time
What happened to this app! It was working fine until last update. Now it won't show current class schedules. I've uninstalled app and rebooted my phone and it's still not working. If it weren't for check in purposes I'd delete this app. Smh! Please fix or tell me what needs to be done on my end. Galaxy Note5
Awful app!!!!
This app is not user friendly!!!
Sucks its not accurate and force closes when attempting to schedule a racquetball court
After installing this app, any functions related to contacts or the dialer slowed to a halt.  Uninstalling this app immediately fixed the issue which makes me wonder what the app was doing...
Used to use it frequently but had to download to a new phone and can't remember my login information. Can't set up a new password because the verification process requires the first 5 digits of my bank account. I pay my membership through my apartment complex so I don't have this information and they won't give it to me. Emailed customer service who was no help whatsoever. Why only 1 method of verification?  This is a fitness club not a bank!  Deleted app.
The court reservation does not work. This was available before and should be restored.
Can't log in after updating
does not update automatically for me. i have to uninstall it and and install it every single update.
90% of the time it doesn't work anymore. I go to a club that's hard to reserve bikes and they fill up within a minute. So as of right now it's junk!!! 0 stars
This app was working fine on my LG phone but does not work at all on my new Samsung phone. Every time I try to log in, I get an error message.
The app recognizes my key tag # but I  cant move past that screen. FRUSTRATING!
I've had a problem for a few weeks now with using this for court reservations. It just loops most of the time and when it starts working the courts are all booked. Every update to this app just seems to make this worse.
Literally can't do anything. Horrible app got worse.
Every time I open the app it crashes and closes. I'm unable to look up anything.
I rebooted my phone thinking this was the initial  issue. Then i thought that I should remove app because it was not recognizing my member number or my pin  number. Now it's not even downloading  the app. I have an Android phone.  It seems to work fine  with my hubby's  IPhone.
Installed and uninstalled and reinstalled.  Can not connect to their website.  Running jellybean.  Not sure if that is the problem or not.
Useless because every time I try to create an account it gives me error
doesn't pick up all the gyms in the area
The UI design is very basic as if it was made for a flip phone. It takes a long time to load, but worked fine after it did. The overall mechanics of it seemed like it was quickly thrown together effortlessly. I will make sure to rank it higher whenever the app gets redesigned.
I wish I could still add the classes to my phone's calendar :(
This is the first time I've reviewed an app. And the reason I'm reviewing it is because it is terrible. It is the worst app I have ever used. Its very buggy and the interface sucks. I'd like to use this app so please please create a new one!
Not good at all I pay cash and I forcefully have to put credit or debit info when I never have then that info when getting my membership
I installed this twice. I was meant able to use it. Every time I tried opening the app it would close out and give me a message saying it encountered a problem and had to close. This is a real shame because I really wanted it.
this gym has the greediest people I've ever met.
Every time i try and use lately it opens up and i hit any button and it shuts down and closes the app. Completely useless to me right now. Please fix i love this app when it is working?!?!?!
After the update it blocked me out the system and now I cant get back in
Won't let me create account, keep getting error message. UNINSTALL
Just but the barcode on it and you go to 4 stars
The updated app is absolutely the worst app I've ever used.  I have to actually calculate what time I checked in? Uh no welcome to 2014. Horrible design should have never been released.
Crashes every time I try to look up my club. I use android jelly bean. It used to work fine before last couple of updates. Please fix!
With new update no longer able to login. Better fix this soon. Otherwise completely worthless.
You guys need to update your fu**ing app ASAP. Whenever the app has a big update, it ERASES username and password information and it requires a stupid BARCODE to reset. Make it to where you can reset it via EMAIL or PHONE#, it really isnt that HARD.
with the latest update trying to access "My Account" causes the app to crash instantly
Motorola RAZR Maxx hd. Crashes when searching for nearby club.
App does not load member card after last update
Wow, who puts the MEMBERSHIP button at the bottom??? Thats the only button i use... worse UI/UX ever!
Needs some work
I couldn't even begin to use it.  I a member and this app won't work at all constantly says there is an error and to try again later...no thanks.
App doesnt seem to be working since the coronavirus update. Cant log in. Check ins doesnt show up
More often than doing anything useful, it just gives me the message "Sorry! The application LA Fitness (process com.lafitness.lafitness) has stopped unexpectedly. Please try again.". "Sorry" is right!
Now it won't even show any of my check-ins. And what's the point of having it if it doesn't show your information?  Not only that, you should enforce people at the front desk to properly scan your tag!!!
Unable to log-in. App forced me to change password, but is not recognizing password. I wish I never disabled my key card for this silly app.
App doesn't work and the club security is non existent. Cancelled membership today!
The program haven't work since I upgrade to Jelly Bean.  The application opens and than close
App use to work now just forces closed every time. Please fix!
The gym seem to always tell u that u cant used this or that. And the certain equipments  r for those who pay for a trainers and they need it for the trainees so they can do it properly. In other word u pay more to train right. And if u dont oh well. So what if u pull a muscles. Should have paid more for the trainer so u can get to used the other equipments.
Wish it worked. Contactless checkin never works nor does it keep track of your check in like its supposed to.
How do i revert to the old version?!
Stuck on refreshing/search; when I select the date the time never appears to confirm the Racquetball court reservation.
Doesn't even start
Terrible
Its near impossible to cancel an existing membership. This entire branch of gyms is a terrible scam
When comparing the distances from my home to the various locations throughout town, the information is totally inaccurate.
Cannot reserve a racquetball court, asks for court duration and wait spinner comes up and does not allow duration entry.  Have tried multiple times and even while connected to an strong WiFi signal.  App needs considerable fixing as even the basics do not work.  Very frustrating.
Forget the App I hate LA fitness
Not saving favorite classes/locations. Often doesn't recognize location.
Got a new cell. Downloaded app to new cell with same info from my old cell. Message from app "enter a valid email address." Called the club and they advised me to delete and reinstall app. Did that 4 times. Nothing. Club said they don't know how to help me. So a one star for this app.
Just about useless
When will you be able to log in to this app?  It has been saying there is an error.  Please fix this!!!
I have uninstalled and installed several times and still crashes. Can't access the squash court reservations area.
I'm about to cancel this account with the hole covid-19 protocol I will see yall back in 3 years. Peace was fun while it last before covid-19.
If this app were to have a simple weight training log that would be epic.
Can't add vip guests
Hit and miss app🥶
This app force closes very often. I can't even select my gym because it's so buggy!
They have not released a statement when they will open in TEXAS.
That I can't book the appointment with the personal trainer anymore?
Lots of function not working in Canada. I cannot reserve squash court or find class through Canada postal code. After updated, I cannot even see the check-ins history anymore!
You don't need my contacts or pictures.
I have to reload app approximately every 6 weeks because it stops working
Crashes ALL the time
App doesn't work, just like the web site.  Login is busted.
I cany figure out the 5 digit code. I would.like to use the.mobil app as advertised
No longer can log in. Evidently LA fitness does not check the reviews
Doesn't allow us to cancel my subscription
Quite unconstitutional. My girlfriend and I had a membership with LA Fitness. One day after reopening we decided to go back in. Little did we know that they violate HIPA by giving no disclosure document on the temperature taking or where that information is going aside from the fact that a licensed medical professional is to be taking medical vitals. That's law. So my experience with them is one in the same constant struggle I have with many of these unconstitutional facilities.
La fitness app
I have been encourage to download this amazing app and so far it is not functional. I can't even get past the login feature it won't recognize my member ID #! Not impressed!
App doesn't work! Can't find class,Can't do anything! What's the use of the application.  Please start over. You guy's are making plenty of money invest in a app that works please.
Just says visit club to activate mobile membership. Doesn't matter what I do. I keep having to give the receptionist info wasting 5 minutes of my time every day.
Worst app ever.  All I want to do is create my profile and I can't even do that and from the reviews I see.  I'm not the only one.....
The app is quite useless when you cannot get past the login screen - generates an error message "Login error ...".  User ID & password are good - tested them on the web site.    Tried to create a new account (what the hell).  After entering only my membership # - got the "Login error" message again.  Either the app is screwed up or the system supporting it is screwed up.
Suddenly,  I cannot log in.  I don't know what is the reason to release an application, if you cannot even log in.
App stalls and kicks me out whenever I make an attempt to reserve a spot for class or simply view schedule.
Poor
New version of app is horrible,  prior version was extremely better and user friendly, app shuts down a lot. Per corporate they accidentally released and not ready, but releasing new one when fixed.
Totally dysfunctional on my Galaxy Note 5.  LA Fitness IT gets a big "0" for not making their app compatible with Samsung's flagship smart phone.
Unable to login
Nothing ever works!!!
Very pointless app. Adds nothing to the LA Fitness experience.
Uploaded it twice and I wouldnt open.  POS app if you ask me!
It doesn't record any checks.  I checked in 4 tomes last week and it shows nothing.
I lost my key so they told me to just get the app,  but the app asks for the digits on the key.
The mobile app won't let me log in even with my key tag
Latest update ruined the app. Contactless check-in does not work, regardless of location services. Always states I must be within 500 feet when I'm at the front desk. Have to wait behind everyone else that is having this issue so they can use my phone number to check me in. GARBAGE.
Social media links are not opening.
The previous version worked well and had red markers on map so you could see locations anywhere and could click on them to get the clubs schedule if classes. This version requires you to enter a zip code.. not useful! This feature needs to be put back on with a locator feature that you can turn on and map of clubs
They charge me at the end of a guest pass after i told them in person i didnt want a memebership.. And they dont give me an account number so i cant activate the damn thing if i wanted to. Wow
Difficult to find group classes I dont always know what city or zip code a classes is located.the old feature with the red cherries I could easily check the class schedule of any club without having to look up a zip code or city
Won't let you log in. I deleted in and reinstalled three times. still no luck. If the app is not sync with your online log in, why have an app?
The app update rendered my app worthless. I am no longer able to use my login information, which works on a computer. The updated app does not recognize my information. Months ago when the mobile barcode was first available, we were told use of the barcode invalidated the key tag. Now I wish I still had a key tag. Fix the app swiftly.
The schedules on this Android app are not kept up to date like the iOS app so they are USELESS! I drove 20 minutes to find out my class was cancelled. When I checked on my iPhone, sure enough, it showed it was cancelled. This has happened to me on multiple occasions. That's it. I'm uninstalling it.
Can't access my membership card through the app
Won't take a password
Would not let me log in as a member and the class schedule was not current.
Latest update causes it to crash when I try to open it. I used to love it when it worked,  i could directly send classes to my calendar.  Please fix it!! #im a galaxy s3 user)
It will not except my login data
Doesn't even login anymore.  Garbage getting worse and worse.  Does no one double check this stuff before they put it out
Sucks!!!
The only reason I would want to activate this app is if I forgot my key fob. If I have my key fob but not my phone? REALLY?!
Downloaded in June. Worked fine then month later it crashes or closes everytime I try to check classes or anything else besides opening my membership card to check-in. I reported the problem twice. No response.
Worse with every update. Going backwards! Just because im not near a club now per GPS it doesn't mean i won't be at class time. There should be a city or zip code entry to see what classes are available in an area even when i am not there now .HUGE DEFICIENCY!!!
Dosent work
Does not open after I updated. I deleted and redownloaded the program. Still doesn't open.
I can't reserve a racquetball court from the app. When heckled at the club they said I can now but still can't do it.
Can not get the app to open.
Doesnt open.
Doent give account recovery if it logs you out and you can't remember you username or password. It asks for the bar code on the card which I dont use because I have the app.
Contactless check-in is not working
I tried entering my member ID - doesn't work. Tried finding a class near my zip code (there are 4 I could choose from) and the app says invalid zip. A buggy, difficult app.
How can I revert to the previous version?
App doesn't work. Crashes when you attempt to sign in.
Can't login. After pressing continue a refresh arrow comes onto the screen but nothing happens.
App.keeps crashing.cant open it
I took this app off my phone and tried to re-download it because it wasn't working and now it wont take my log on info or my ID number. I asked some one at the front desk and there response was "I don't know anything about it" that's just lame and he needs to make it his business to know if he works there.
1. All this app does is help you find a gym to which you already have a membership.             2. Why not add a feature that's beneficial to your membership like a fitness tracker or exercises to help reach your  goal.                       3. The gyms don't have WiFi!?!?!? So much for state of the art facility
App shuts down and is not usable
Not able to check in with the bar code
Can't even log in, bruh.
Slow & Broken
App won't allow to login which make it totally worthless. And now they don't want to let you in using other app like keyring. Hoy you dare to demand something when your app doesn't work. I would give 0 stars if possible.
cant even log in
Constant "login error" when trying to create a new account.
Requires account number to access member site, shockingly I don't have mine memorized. Also the class calendar is poorly designed, if you want to know what classes are offered on saturday, you have to check each class. And it crashes frequently.
this app has no info except my membership card. I go to the same class weekly and it can't track that.
Get log in error message on this mobile app but able to use same log in info using Chrome browser and using the mobile iPad app
The idea of using my mobile device to check into the gym is great! If only the app would work so I could do so. About 50% of the app is not working please fix this asap!
Can't login. Can't check in. What happens now? Remember? Once we committed to checking in with the app, the key tag is disabled.
Have to spend 15 minutes trying to schedule a training appointment. Brian from the location on FM 620 in Round Rock, Texas says to uninstall & reinstall again. "The app has historic problems working on the Android OS."
This is the only way to sign up for spin class and is not working more than it works  it either freezes up and class is full by the time you get in. Or at other timee doesn't even give you the link to reserve a bike
App is crashing continuosly when trying to activate membership card
Cannot create guest pass, get error.
Cant get my password reset
Contactless check in doesn't work. Previous version worked great. So disappointing that this very widespread problem is not fixed yet.
FC mania DROIDX Gingerbread
la fitness is the worst managed business I've ever seen ,.every week I come in there is new employees  . nobody wants to work for la fitness  they treat their felt like crap
Providing a setting to open the scan code immediately when opening the app?
It was working fine, then for no reason, it started malfunctioning.  It costed me at least 1 month worth  insurance reimbursement!
After upgrade Can't log on from app. Don't have a Barcode card. What do I do now?
Very inconvenient considering LA fitness doesn't let me use my tag and gives me crap every time I tell them I can't log in
Wouldn't let me log into my account, so I tried account recovery, then it wouldn't recognize my debit card number or even my bank account number.
Checking doesn't work
Not login
Cannot login.  Created online account on the app, but cannot actually login on the app.  Lots of error messages.  Useless.
Since I download this app cause call dropping on my note 3 :((((
Keeps saying error can't connect. JUNK. Don't waste ur time. Seems like I'm not the only one with this problem
Cant reserve courts anymore!!!!
Why you change the check in now I can't check in. Damn just leave stuff alone that work already
Since they changed the app for the contactless check-in, it always says that I'm more than 500ft. away from the gym, even tho I'm standing right in front of it.
Used to work just fine. One day it logged me out even though I made a pin and this time it wouldn't let me log back in. It kept saying there was an error. I uninsulated and reinstalled the app. Now I can log in, but I can't activate the member card. It keeps telling me there's an error and to go see someone at the front desk. They can't fix it. Now it's useless. I really wish they'd give out the plastic key cards again or fix the freaking app.
Force closes. Haven't been able to use the app.
Doesn't let me create a account
App will not allow me to schedule PT, see when I've attended, or keep track of my PT sessions used. Uninstalled and now can't log in, even after resetting my password and talking to staff. Wasting alot of time on this with no resloution.
I have a membership and have had it for years. Had the app on my iPhone and it worked fine. Can't log into this one. Can't do a forgot password login etc because part of the forgot login involves giving the user name WHICH says is taken! No doubt its taken.  just need a password reset. Does anybody test this stuff before its released? O
I keep getting an error message when I try to sign in
Garbage,doesn't work. Can't pull up my membership card. Contact less check doesn't work. This app is useless.
Won't even open without crashing
I downloaded this expecting nifty tools such as an exercise journal and also to find out how many times I entered a particular club.  Nada there
I can't sign in and the forgot password button is useless. I have this app so that I don't need the keychain - which is apparently required to unlock the account. Frustrated. I guess I'll see if someone at the gym can help me out...
Newest version will crash when selecting anything.
Constant clocking when trying to book a court...... Constant.
So useless, you're better off just using their actual website.
LA Fitness totally dropped the ball in having a booking feature as part of their app during covid. They had 10 months to prepare and did nothing...app is useless if you can't get a spot at a gym.
Don't join l.a fitness & if you already have, I'm sorry. All the company cares about is scamming their customers for every penny they are worth. Customer service is rude and really don't care about what you have to say. The worst gym I have ever dealt with in my life!
Absolute trash of an app. Glitchy and unreliable.
Keeps crashing
The app is not compatible with fold 2 Samsung thats what I am told by management at la fitness pls fix it because this is problem
Can't log in. Keep saying error! Why bother to create an app if it doesn't work! The password and ID work on the website.  Wast of time
This is not very good I'm trying to find out date when noth NY&Fl clubs ste opening
Crashes prior to opening on Samsung Galaxy S8+. Uninstalled and reinstalled, still unable to open.
The design is really poor. The receipt link is broken. Also can't see the schedule in other locations other than the one near you.
App is useless now, can't even check in
The app locks the ability to cancel your membership! Also the app should be greatly improved for clickability for their members.
Lately the app does not show the times I check-in. I reinstalled with same results.
The app doesn't even have hours of operation. Looks like it was designed by a five year old child.
I tried repeatedly to create an account via the app and it would not recognize my key tag and credit card associated  with membership. So I deleted it, so much for making life easier!
The location will not find a court near me,  and even when I enter in a zip code it still will not work.   Needs to be fixed!
Barcode did not work. Had to give my number every time.
They are very aggressive with your money...I cancel my policy but they keep calling me asking for money...without any luck ofcourse...
It doesn't work.
Your changes to the app suck! Suddenly I have to have a password to get into the site! Now when I go to the gym I can't keep track of my days, they have to sign me in by phone number. Take back your "update", the site is worthless!
I can't open it. I click on it and immediately says force to stop and if i want  to report it. I have a Motorola razor max
Had to get a new phone and lost my membership card on the app and can't get it to reload.
I can't get past the login screen without it crashing. No other app on my phone does this
Back to the drawing board
It doesn't work, it's never worked and it wants to access my contacts.  Why?  Probably to call them all about memberships.  Uninstalling immediately.
Horrible
poor
The latest update causes the app to crash hen opening the "reserve personal training" section. I tried to directly contact the developer but there is no link or website.
Sucks!  Can't log in!  Really this is the best you guys can do!!
App crashes when opened.
Doesn't work had to install in 3 times & uninstall finally got rid of it . Check ins failed
Worse app ever! Stops working for checking in & won't let you back in with out creating new password
This application sucks! It always crashes and you can't even do online billing.
Not responsive. Will crash often.
Stupid app...
reservations doesn't work
no check in history 😡
You cannot do anything without getting an error message.
The app does not work.  It won't let me login. Anything I tried gave me "An error has occurred. Please try again. "
Not showing my recent check ins??? And can't reserve trainer on the app.   *****Now showing recent check ins but nothing before that.  Please fix
Locked out.... seriously? ... la fitness should have the option of having both the phone and the membership card... it let's me enter my pin which is suppose to bypass the username and pw... instead it sends me to username and password just to give me an error message....
App is useless. Dont work. Crash every time.
Useless app. It's down a lot, too.
Reservation disappears from app at time of court reservation.  Issue is if you are running behind, and you don't remember which court you reserved,  there is no way to check on app.. actual reservation should stay in log until end of reservation! My 2 cents!
There's no option of cancellation of membership
I only downloaded this app to keep track of the days I go the Gym. This week I have gone 3 days and only reflects one.
Advertisement for app says you can schedule with your personal trainer yet there is no option to do that and I agree that an option to check in with your barcode attached to your mobile device would be very helpful otherwise the app is somewhat useless.
After newest update, it shuts down when I try to do anything
Save yourself a ton of aggravation and demand a plastic key fob at the front desk.  I spent a couple of hours trying to get this to work, including deleting and reinstalling, changing names and passwords, resetting accounts, and everything else you can think of.  Running a Moto G with 5.1 while sitting next to my WiFi router so there should be no problem.  Arrrrrgh!!!
Check in not working even after I reinstalled the app. I can be inside the gym and it says I need to be within 500ft. Have to use my phone number Everytime, just annoying.
App is fine. The gym is terrible
I can't log in. I'm experiencing the same issue as other users in that the wheel just spins and spins.
Worked for 2 days then stopped.
Doesn't work, I can't access to my membership card, and they don't want to check you in with your phone number. Seriously thinking in cancel my membership.
7 DAY FREE TRIAL WITH ACCESS TO A CREDIT CARD. HOPE I SAVED YOU THE TIME.
As soon as I dowmloaded it demands money doesnt even give me a chance to try it out first!! So i deleted it
Forgot to say 7 day free trial...
I thought maybe you would get some helpful tips free suggestions maybe. but 
7 days free then $79 a year. No thanks.
How to start arguments with your spouse : the app
Never heard of this app ever and I suddenly started getting emails from them. I do not trust this company.
Rarely works and support is useless.
i do not wanna pay for help or id get a theropist.
Their review feedback is a lie. they say free 7 day trial, but don't allow you to do that without storing your credit card first. it's a no for me
Whatcha wallet they steal your money quick...
Premium wont work.
Blowed
Lame. Too complicated to be made simple.
Waste of time
Too expensive to try
Not free
keeps wanting me to pay.
Absolutely ridiculous. You have to subscribe before you can even go through with anything.
trying to stop using. i dont want to pay for this anymore.
Can't try the app without giving up a bunch of info
Ugh, it's making me add my cc info even though the free trial is at the bottom. My way or the highway type of company..
Says it's free then wants you credit card... No
Lol apps like this is funny. They want you to pay for nonsense. Not going to happen!!! I'm sure there's a dummy on here who would be more than happy to pay for trash
Can't even navigate the app without creating an account? NO THANKS edit: 
I'm not willing to give out my personal information to an app that won't 
even let me navigate it first. Sorry, I'm sure this is off putting to 
others as well.
Garbage
Can't review any part of app without signing up for premium trial. App description misleading...counseling app or not?
Lasting Labs took down my review, after I commented about many posted complaints of unauthorized $89.00 credit card transactions.
It doesn't tell you UNTIL you've signed up that it's a pay to use. Now they have my email, and I didn't get anything. Fuming.
You have to pay for it. Uninstalled
No zoom link sent for two workshops I signed up for. No response from support for over 36 hours of complaint, asking for help to join, and eventually asking for refund ( since we missed both workshops thanks to the llevo of zoom link announcement). Support number on workshop receipt points to The Knot. Confusing. I love this app for its content and reminders, but I can't recommend it until this process becomes more professional.
Questions and answers then criticize each other's answers. I don't see any benefits or tool use in this. Be sure to delete on the 6th day of the 7 day trial or you'll end up paying for a useless month.
Hello I was charged for counseling after the free trial
Won't let me make an account with Facebook because it says I already am then I try to log in with Facebook and it tells me an error occurred. Now I can't make an account with my email because its attached to my Facebook.
couldnt even see tje app without paying
Keeps clocking, can't get in.
😡
Had trouble downloading with several attempts!
Where to start..was offered a 7 day free trial that I was charged for on day 4. Disputed but they kept my money. Didnt even have a chance to really get into the app before I was shown just how terrible the customer seevice was.
Gimmick
Cost too much.
They want money
Phony
Can not get past first questionaire. I paid for the year and got an error sign
I'm not interested in having to worry about canceling in 7 days or be charged $70+. I 100% understand and agree that the people behind this app deserve to be compensated for their time and work. I wish there was just a bare bones free version that allowed access to a small portion of what if offered as a paid subscriber that I could access whenever. If the content is good I'd naturally crave more advice, which would make me want to spend $70 a yr
Yall took money and didn't send a message to let me know my free trail was almost over so i could cancel...
Your have to put in your CC info. To expensive. There has to be something that is similar and free. Ill keep looking.
I don't even get into site and they wanted 79 dollars what a rip off
Never wanted to pay for it. To find out you charged me 3 months
Boring and too much reading on your own
I had a lot of trouble with the app in early 2018.  I was notified via email that I was given "a free lifetime subscription to make up for all of our mistakes with you."  I see that I was recently charged the full annual price for my "free lifetime subscription."  I have petitioned for a refund.
Hassled for a rating, so here you go.
We didnt like this app too much for 1. We tried the one week trial and our option was to pay $14 a week if we liked it. It didn't notify me about my trial almost being up or anything just notified me that it charged me the $80 THE 7TH DAY OF THE TRIAL it wasn't even completely over i tried to unsubsidized and money was still taken the next day. I WANT MY REFUND you weren't fair to us so we think your no refund should be tossed out. YOURE SCAMMING AND TRICKING PEOPLE!
Leaving 1 star b/c instead of taking out a months fee after 7 day free trial, an annual fee of $85.59 was withdrawn! I emailed Google and Lasting app support. Google has yet to reply and Lasting app support asked for more information after I explained I wanted a refund. I just replied to them again explaining that I canceled same day and haven't used the app since and that I might have paid for the monthly but after the annual fee withdrawn unexpectedly, I will leave this review here unedited.
I dont recall signing up for this subscription and 89.00 was taken off my Visa card without my permission. also it said it would be canceled in 7 days if no payment was made but it wasn't. I would like a refund back on my card please. ty
Technical issues. Keep getting "bad request" every morning.
Unknown
Outrageous, far too expensive.
I was tricked into buying and they have not allowed me to cancel.
$80 a year to tell you what you already know. Don't waste the space on your phone!
Pairing apps is a night mare. Some things you can see and some you can't. No option to contact customer support since day one. Would like a refund.
Didn't keep not paying
Why isnt there any free apps. You have to pay for the sessions what a waist 
of my time
Its a horrible money making app
this is a paid service disguised as free app. they get your email address to spam you before telling you. if you're fine with bait and switch I'm sure this is great but I won't be signing up.
Asking money
They make you put in your credit card info before you can start a 7 day free trial ... no thank you!
This is a trick to get you to install the app so you will get lured into paying for it. Not signing up not paying. There's so much online today there's no need to pay for this.
🤤
Very deceptive. Advertised as free & you go to join & then they tell you you only get a 7 day free trial & you have to input credit card info to even start. When reading through reviews, they claim you get 5 free sessions without adding payment info but when you go to try it only tells you about the 7 day trial & then you go ahead & do the free trial & get charged on the 7th day before you can cancel. They need to be more clear with how the service actually works so people don't feel robbed.
Very deceiving. Only a demo is free!!!! Must subscribe to get actual information
Impossible to cancel.
error... wasted time!
Not for $80
I got the best alrea
Haven't really had time to write this app but I feel like some of the questions you should be able to make two different answers regarding you and your spouse sometimes the same answer for both people on one question doesn't apply
I signed up for premium but it doesn't work. Just continually prompts you to subscribe to premium and won't go any further. It is frustrating
I tried to cancel after 1 month and they have charged me for a whole year with no refund 😡😡
It was a good app while I was using it. But my husband died and I uninstalled it and unsubscribed from the emails. Two months later I'm still getting their freakin' emails and their constant reminder that the love of my life is dead SUCKS!
As soon as you try to sign in for free trial said error occurred... I definitely won't be reliant on something I can't even try out
Didn't work. :(
U said 7 day free trial but still charged the 11.99 now iam in an subscription that iam not sure I want to pay for
advertised as free but not available for a single thing without payment.
I am trying to cancel my subscription and the app and website make me run around in circles. I emailed help@lasting and get some automated reply to look for the answer to my question myself?! So rude! What kind of customer service is that? I might as well not even email the help email becuse they dont even care to help! Please cancel my subscription.
My husband followed the link, downloaded the app, and can't find it although it says already downloaded. Please refund me
Don't take a chance on the trial, instead of a monthly charge you'll owe the full $86 for a year if you go over the trial period. It wouldnt be that bad if the app was anything more than a glorified questionnaire.
Pay? Also I get the same advice on youtube
Reading K app permissions is like DAMN...hold on and I will get my DNA records too!!! 👁👁
Sucks balls
It make u pay
I thot i had UNSUBSCRIBED. Apparently i didnt. Please help. I need a refund badly. At ur earliest convenience please and thank u!
It says partner code not found or used
I had this app for months and months and it was FREE. I actually paid for the subscription for more content because it was so good. Then I got a new phone and missed out on one month of Lasting. I come back and all of my sessions are LOCKED and tell me that I have to pay $12 to unlock them?!?! You had my money when you weren't forcing me out of it... Deleting.
If it's free an simple to use why should u pay money to use an app to help relationships why pay for it if it says free this app is terrible
Advertised as free but you have to pay anyways....
Facebook click bate.
Asks for cc info right after installed. This is not as advertised.
I dont understand
Didnt mention the $80 cost
Sorry here's the marriage and I just found out that I've been nothing but a ywhy and just found out for the past 16 years he's been cheating on me
Read their privacy statement!!! Beware! They gather data on your emotions and psychological profile and sell it to advertising companies. You pay them $, and yet they sell the data, and count that people won't bother reading the fine print.
Scam
waste of money & time. in order to use u must buy beware it's a RIP off
It would be a great app if it was free and you don't mention that it costs money to use all the good features smdh definitely not paying that much for an app
This app made my wife run away crying. Uninstalled.
Why do I have to give my credit card for free trial?
Wants a paid subscription it does not mention in the ad. Avoid like the plague.
Unsubscribe you bother me &&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&&_______
Says free. But wants my CC info. No thanks
Signed up for a trial, but now I can't cancel through Google Play like every other subscription. This doesn't even show up. Very annoyed and frustrated. edit: you said I must have signed up on the website, but I've never used it. I only discovered the app through Google play. I didn't know there WAS a website.
Stupidest App!!
NOT FREE
I uninstalled this app well over 6 months ago. I've been completely unsubscribed from their program but have been charging my card every month. I have yet to see a refund
A new bug that I first saw today February 6 2020 has made it impossible to edit text that's entered in the Messaging text field because it keeps reverting to an autosaved version of the unsent message. Lasting Premium v.2.2.0 on Android 9 PPOS29.114-134-7 on Moto G7
I had previously rated this a 1 star because I had had some serious issues 
with the app but thankfully that was taken care of by the team. I am happy 
to say that this app is very nice, especially the fact that you can share 
your answers with your partner and then choose to talk about them in a more 
candid fashion.
The app never opened.....
Very complicated to navigate. Can't figure out what the intended "process" is. Not very intuitive. Most of the questions, although possibly important (can't tell), are worded like they're asking a psychologist, not an average person. In many cases, it literally tells you what to say to your partner. Whatever happened to simple human interaction. Nobody needs an app to tell them step by step how to work they're relationship. That's what our brains are for. It sucks that my ❤️ payed $ here
Totally waste app...
Bed
Deceptive!!! Description reads: "You get free access to our Foundations series—five sessions covering the basics of relationship health. You can also access all of our conversation-starters, relationship reminders, and single sessions for free." I installed the app, created an account and then discovered that the only option is to start the 7 day premium trial. Nothing is free to explore first. Seemed disingenuous. Reviews state charged annual amt.($119) even if sign up for monthly
Free trial that still wants a credit card before I can see anything no thanks
App opens and closes randomly. Definitely not user friendly as the questions aren't clear. Wasted $$
I need my money back! This app was no good at all and took my money without authorization
This app appears to be a very useful tool, however one has to be able to actually use the app to get anything from it. I paid the membership fee and now none of the sessions will open. I continue to get an error message that I have already started the session when I have NOT then the app closes out completely. Very disappointing as I have really been looking forward to utilizing this app and making some changes in my life! Lasting please fix the app so that it works properly.
The app asked for permissions that have no thing to do with, fey days later My Facebook account was hacked. That's a scam.
Cannot log on because it will not accept user name or password which is right
Worked great for the first 2weeks , now it doesn't want to connect to my phone at all .😓 I hope the company is ready all the comments and try to fix it
Keep losing your alll data!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Use less
This app disconnect almost everytime, and you have to reconnect it always even when your Bluetooth is still running. It's frustrating I thought once connected, should remain connected.
The app does not work when I open it. It just shows a blank screen and then it shows " the app is not responding" can u please fix it
Data lussing my phone
I am very disappointed with the app after charging the band I downloaded the app trying to connect with my band it is not showing the band & not connecting. 😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤😤
Loss data, can't reconnect up to my phone again. Needs system update.
Worst app when exit from app disconnect from watch
Not really good. Cannot connect call, phone book, etc
🤮🤮🤮🤮
While sit or on the bed it keeps counting steps. I don't know if it's the bracelet or the app, but that is very bad. It's just a watch I need to charge every a couple of days...
Fraud app.
Wrost app ever
How to change new watchface, feel bored with same watchface..
It's an worst app.we can't change time also
Not able to download app. No information on how to change device, no charger included in package. So far very disappointing 😕.
Better support smart band
The app doesn't not recognise the code sent with the smart band. So it's not fit for purpose
All are best options for watch but there is no option for changing themes of watch please do update in this that we can change the themes of watch means band My kindly request to please update this app and fix new setting of band themes setting which can benefical for us plzz make a new ipbate about yopic themes plz my request to plzz make update which will make us happy and beneficially
tthis app is crapp
Not useful at all, wont connect to the device
The whole website of greatestpopular is a scam. Avoid at all costs. I paid 20 pound for a fitbit style watch, it's made of the cheapest plastic and the BPM is random everytime. Done it without the sensor touching anything and somehow it picked up a heartbeat? Actual joke. Dont waste your money!!!
I cant download... what's the issue?
Would NOT pair with my smartwatch for nothing!! I tried everything with no prevail. That is what I get for trying a cheap cheap smartwatch from Wish nonetheless.
The software's time settings system is very bad. Please do AM and PM systems.Please help us
The wristwatch is easily reset. My sleeve has reset my progress 23 times im 4 days. The total steps taken progress counter on this app removes the steps taken that day if my wristwatch gets reset. Just pretends that the whole day didn't happen. Lazily designed app.
I am giving 1 star because this app is not suitable
They want too much info. I read the user agreement and found that the info is being used in China and US. I've never had any service ask for the kind of info thry want. Be careful. Use at your own risk. Read the user agreement.
Can somone please convert the units from Km to Ft. That would be helpfull!
Was really hoping for this to eventually work. It never did. It refuses to connect to my phone's bluetooth. Please fix this. To much of a hassle to return my band at this point.
Time tik. Hoi na
How to set 12 hour time .
In this application indian standard time is not working and no settings has provided
Asks for password and doesn'twork
Very bed experience, automatically Bluetooth connection closed with fitness bands. I don't get notifications after providing all permissions to device from this app.
Features stopped working. Was great at first but then stopped keeping records. Only showed recent step count.
Pedometer still increases even when no activity. Lousy interface.
It doesn't work it's a big lie don't even try it
Without any movement this watch was counting steps, Wrost one Dont purchase it. Money weast N Time
Pls add watch faces, and add more data.
worst experience with this
Can't connect with the watch
Would not connect to blue tooth. I went to U Tube as direct and no help. Is there another app yo help support it?
App itself needs to track more information. I received 2 different bands. Final strike was initiating heart rate count or blood pressure count, setting it on the table and watching it give me a count. Repeating it produces random results. I think that's all it may be, a random number generator.
App works great but I have one MAJOR concern about there user agreement, enless I mistakenly miss read it but sure does sound like they are recording some very sincitive info like usernames passwords and password protected questions. If i am plz explain it and I'll come see changeing my rating.
Fake , but this can record heart rate even when not been worn.
Very bad
Bad
Cannot link with Google Fit.. please fix this problem asap
Very poor. Does not connect to device
Useless. Only collects data and drains battery. It's connected to my bracelet but doesn't show sleep rate, steps, anything. Blood pressure measurements are a joke. Uninstalling.
Needs better connection it keeps unpairing by its self
very bad
Rubish
Price of junk isn't.charged no way to charge it. Wont start up, so why did I download an app. WORTHLESS.
Since the watch packed in three weeks after buying it I will not rate this rubbish
Very bad experience. Number of steps taken keep increasing even when there is no movement whatsoever. Unable to return the device associated with this app. Please do not buy M3
I connected to the watch it keeps saying incorrect QR code
its cheap chinese watch. it fails to connect with bluetooth. dont buy. total wastage of money.
The watch connected for 2-3 days only after that it isn't connected for me. The watch is 2 days behind and isn't on the right time schedule as the pamphlet claimed it would be reset when the watch is connected, but since it isn't connecting anymore the watch isn't the correct time. The watch was a waste of time and money would not recommend the watch since it isn't connected to the app anymore.
Worst app, it does not login, watch also does not connect. Don't waste your time And net
Spent alot of time ....app and watch would not connect ....terrible ..dont waste your money
Terrible
Worse...not working
The app isn't connecting to my M4 watch.it say's connecting but, it's not connected yet.
Wondarfull app
Very bad app... Bad band watch... Steps wrong results always wrong....
I have done everything but still I am unable to connect with my motorala mobile. Please check and confirm.
I m sitting on bed since 1 n half hr n it shows that I hv walked 2000 steps 🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂 MI band is d best
Its a very good app
Very bad
This app. Time. Change. Setting update and wallpaper change setting update
This is such a stupid app that when its connected it will show as,the device is not connected Dumb app even after keeping Bluetooth and location on it doesn't come😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
Not good . It won't let me find the device on phone . Or connect... ive email the company .
Totally agree with Amy C. Have to take screenshots every night before midnight if I do more than 10,000 steps or more for a record. App really needs improving big time. Watch is good, better than my previous one that kept resetting itself many times during the day.
gfh
T500 watch call volume up down opcen missing
Cant get it scanned in or to work. Says sent verification but never got any.
How to change wallpaper no guidelines provide always disconnect worst app develop in time verry dispoint me
It can't find the dumb watch
Sahi nahi hai
This aap is so good for an other app. I like this aap very much.
How you you get the variation code
What's the point if it's not tracking steps or sleep ??
My Huawei Mate 20 Android Ver. 10.1.0 can't installed HryFine for SmartWatch 😭
Not able to connect my phone with fitness watch
Why it's not working with Android 4.4.2????
Product is not working properly we walk daily Morning 5.00 but measurement Workin 8am update the product please. Site on bed today counting for steps 2300 something's very very bad quality money wast
Please can you add activate on wrist raise settings
lucky next time
Did not work
My watch connected to my phone at first then it lost connection and will not connect again
My smart band is not connect
Would be nice if watch stayed connected with app. Very frustrating when you have nothing for 3 days and still cant get it to connect.
Wont update. App doesnt have options that the book/wwtch says it does. Im hoping its in the update but when i do it says connection failure. HELP
Wrist
It not allowing to register on the app and not getting complete data. Features are not working even.
Not good
M4 m wallpaper change nhe ho rha h
😁😁
It's ok but I saw other app like this but they have more features then this app so l want more features update this app
This app is worthless. The device is not working properly. Please fix the app. I regret buying this.
Sucks
cant connect to server to even register the account let alone connect the devise
Absolute rubbish! The instructions say download "Fitpro" and then on the box it says download "Hryfine". I've been trying to connect it to both the apps and it doesn't connect! Absolute rubbish - very disappointed.
Not accurate
I have five kids and five devices, but I can only connect to one. This app would be a lot better if I could connect to more than one wristband. The point of me getting it was so that I could locate my children while they were wearing it and let them know to come home.
cannot connect the bluetooth
I can't connect my m4 band with this app
Plz plz plz update it I need this app for my watch So plz update it and add stopwatch, theme, music etc. As I couldn't connect other app for my watch than this like fitpro, yoho Sports, leefun health app . You now understand my need So plz plz update it and add these things
Eats up the battery fast won't monitor the sleep mode
The apps does not store the steps of previous day though you sync to the apps and see the steps number..the next day it does reflect previous days steps. I don't think is the watch issue, its the apps.
It currupts the phone software becarefull before using my watch isnt working properly plz go to shops and purchase for higher cost and known companies only dont ever try these things online
This app Will not work currently when call come olny one time remember
Otha waste app da baadungla
I did not lose it because I saw the reviews and also when I downloaded the app, it started asking scammer questions which was strange due to me just wanting a watch... because all I wanted was a watch, so I decided no... 20 $ un the drain.
I don't understand the app, according to the manual when its comnected the time will automatically be corrected but its all lies, u need to fix it cos im dicourage
Waste app for watches
good app
Dont download this app. It doesn't connect to your smart band. Download Hf Pro. Connected straight away with no problems. So glad I found this app as I was beginning to think I had wasted my money on something that I can't use.
Does not work
this app is not working.....its useless....
Why it is not connected to my phone please check one time please
You want me to agree to what? You're kidding right. The user agreement gives them access to virtually any information they want that is stored on your phone. Things like email address and password, security questions associated with the email account. Financial info, travel itineraries, drivers license, passport, facial features, and so much more. Plus they also have the right to sell your info. Very few people read the agreement and that's what they are counting on. Disgusting. Uninstalled!
I tried many many times to connect the watch to my phone but in vain!!!! I need to get a clear explanation to how to connect!!!!
Nice app
It doesn't find the watch
Sucks
I'm having issues in connecting can someone help?
Blue tooth links but thats the only thing that works. Won't link to my phone through the blue tooth. I suggest returning items bought that use this app. It doesn't work.
Bad
It takes so long to download
Tnis is rubbis..... Can't connect to the phone. Nasty
Add watch faces please please..
Weak
worst app
You are not a good company
Why would this app need my personal details like passwords, password recovery questions and even answers????? Also, on the last clause, they may change the terms and conditions without prior notice? That is sketchy. The watch doesnt charge well anyway. We dont need this kind of privacy intrusion. We only need a tracker for fitness activities.
Will not connect to my phone.My wife has the same phone and set up ,hers works as for mine Nothing.
Rubbish
I'm not happy this app
That app show hryfine is stoped
Still I can't update it .
App Doesnt open
I'm not happy with this app. In the beginning it was working fine but after that it stopped recording my daily activities in the historical data. At this point it's kind of useless to have it.
Display settings no more
This app is rubbish can do anything with it disconnected all the time try to connect and it tells you your doing it to much and try again later so rubbish
The app is not connecting with the bracelet
😠
Stuck in military time with no way to change it.
Shaurya Ajinkya Dhawalshank
There is no sync between the app and the braclet. Its frustrating
Doesn't work
Not good .. can't connect to phone
Can't pair in my Samsung S10 lite..worst app 😑
It won't sync to my watch. My phone is super slow when I have it on
I am not able to open camera from my band after connected and it counts my steps at rest also. Pleass tell me the solution.
All the reviews are true. It connected once and then it just never connected successfully again afterwards. Tbh this might have been a way for them to steal info from your phone so just don't even. Throw that watch away.
Bad
Worst app in the world
Not letting me connect
Tried to connect watch to phone but keeps asking for a verification code. How do I get this? This app is just rubbish rubbish rubbish.
Horrible just bought a smart watch not worth using
Always disconnected by itself. No sleep data. 👎
Device does not connect worst app ever
I am unable to pair it with my mobile and thus its not useful. I don't find it too useful.
Ap keeps failing 😭 keeps saying failed to connect, lost all data and can't get the ap to connect with the M4.... Worthless cr....
Vadak naa Vhavshnz
Always disconnects, never saves my stuff can't set the clock to normal hours it's always the 24 hour. It doesn't log or even collect sleep, heart rate, blood pressure. Thought maybe I was just having problems turns out it doesn't work for anyone, I will not be re downloading this app
It is terrible
Naveen
App is not reading the sleep data
This app is good but I have to open Bluetooth and location I will like this app if we don't have to open Bluetooth and location
Going to sleep mode after a few minutes.
Its an app that work good for 2 to 3 weeks and again it doesn't work good I can't connect to my watch also
Can't change anything to Imperial. This thing does have decent battery life, but it would be nice if someone could reply to this and help me out with
visually fine. You can't change km to m, kg to lbs and it won't let you do 24 hour time only military time and on height it does cm instead of feet and inches. Very frustrating.
It dosnt load on the app
There are so many complaints here and I think you should do something about it fast. I had to revert back to the older version because the so called updated version does nothing for me except count steps and will not even save it. I will keep on with the older version.
my watch disconnect few seconds it's ridiculous!!!
Don't get this app. If you are having any trouble connecting your smart watch to an app you should download the app Fitpro it works extremely better. On hryfine I took more than an hour trying to connect the watch but on fitpro I only took 5 minutes.
Very cheap app, i could not connect this app to my smartband... i dont know which side having problem.. (smart band or App) anyway i'm very dissappointed experience with the company and its products...
It is not working on my xiaomi mi a3 with my band m4 but working on my old sony phone
Privacy agreement is ridiculous, I'm uninstalling the app and sending the watch back.
It is not show my bluetooth device list and not connect.
Won't stay connected. Constantly have to fight to log into the app. Keeps telling me the info isn't correct. Very frustrating.
Not happy everytime its lost google map
Why cant i add my contacts?
Crushes every day
unable to connect my samsung galaxy A71 despite repeated attempts...
Worse app and fitness band ever. Don't even think of trying this.
Worked great at first. Then it disconnected from the watch and will not/cannot reconnect. Keeps telling me "connection failed" and I cannot reconnect the watch so no data saved. When I tried to rescan qr code it said it was the wrong code. Waste of time and money if it can't/won't do what it is suppose to do. Fix the problem I'll change my rating because apparently I am not the only one with this issue
Can't pair Bought 4 watches! Looks like I wasted my money
Not that good . 1/5
Horrible watch. I was reading the information for the privacy agreement. I didn't accept. They want access to your contacts, your passwords, and a bunch of other stuff they don't need to know. The watch itself won't charge. Truly a waste of money. I would use a negative number if allowed.
It will never open when I press the app can you please fix this
App doesn't see device. Garbage
Is there a way to convert to 12 hour time and miles?
Very bad....
This application does not stay connected to the watch. You can't add your picture to the dialer. It disconnects all the time. Some function does not work. I am not happy with this product. This application and the watch is waak.
Lollo
This have looks Play Store and download different look
Please provide OTA Update for M3 band....
Unable to connect everytime
Good
Possibly the worst app I have ever d/l'd. Created user & PW. Device would not accept. Had to delete & reload app. Tried to link app to device. App indicates a ✓ for blue tooth, no device linked. Repeatedly scanned 4 device but never found it. Then app tells me too many searches, try again later. Completely useless. I would suggest developer spend some time to create a working and functional app for device. Will try again. Will probably return unit. Very disappointed!😕 Seems 2b consensus.
This app is not supporting in vivo mobile
Itna bura hai ya divice apna aap staps chal ta rha ta hai tu froud compony
Load of rubbish absolutely no instructions how to use it, aka for to many permissions it doesn't need and it dissent work, no sleep date collected, heart, blood pressure, just time and steps. Have the app paired it but nothing at all... Uzeless
Is there a less useful app in the galaxy?
Trouble from the beginning & it never got better. The device/fitness watch kept clearing the step count back to 0 throughout the day when it disconnected, charged or turned off. Throughout the day, the clock resets to midnight 01/01 & then the watch/time is also wrong. Just frustrating. My fitness data is not stored and I lose my historical data. The blood pressure is significantly lower than my actual blood pressure. This app is very basic & offers nothing special, incorrect info. WYSIWYG
Bakar
Poo work
Worst app don't download this app bcoz you can't even set time for your band in this app
用不到。 不能联接手机和手錶
Worst and preinstalled things mkaes you fool
It requires a lots of space in internal storage..
P00r
Junk watch, junk app, watch never read correctly. Heck try taking a reading with out it on your wrist, almost no difference.. Can't even use app now, updated and won't let me past making an account.. garbage
It always had problems finding the watch and reset watch everyone it was linked.
Logs out any given moment, it does not saves data, needs appearance settings, extra complicated lo connect less common phones
It is a data thief. It has user permission which requires even your confidential data
Sucks
Freezes up and kicks me oit alot and doesn't always stay synced with my smart watch so it doesn't log my steps ! Frustrating!!!
So bad app
Even when I am sleeping the steps kept on increasing. Wth is this ?
Difficulty pairing
This is a terrible app. In conjunction with a tactical watch that isn"t tactical at all. You can't even set the time or date without going through the app! The only thing this system does is gather personal information on you. And this isn't limited to just your daily workout or vital signs. It gathers all your personal information. If your tactical this is the last thing you want. Would not recommend unless you don't mind a stranger having all your personal information.
Unable to update band firmware to 2.0.. It says server connection failed.
Worst app..............
I hate it
👍👍👍👍👍
It want full access to our phones!, apo won't run unless you give it access to contacts, cameras, texts, etc. No thanks
Not good fix it pls
Bad
I can't even connect. I was successful the first time then when I turned off Bluetooth because it was eating my battery...lost the connection. now can't even connect at all...
Waste of data 🙄🙄😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪😪
This thing not connecting even after Enabling location??????? How come this app does not detect location is on, on my phone
It is a bad and disconnected app ..😡 now l am suffering..
This is the world's Worst app i had ever seen. It is only for single use
It sucks Samsung has better app On phone
i cant connect my smart watch with my cellphone using this apps
Unable to set time 24 hrs format to 12 hrs format
Garbage.. useless fake smart band. BEWARE OF EBAY SELLERS SELLING THESE FAKE SMART BANDS.
It dosen't charge properly and mine hasn't got half the things on it as discribed in the advert on here. Not very happy with it at all. I wouldn't bother buying one cheap and nasty. I found it hard to set up as well. I haven't bother sending it back i have just thrown it in the bin.
Bad aap 1star
Same like Amy c
Connection disturbed and not connected again
Will not sync up with the watch
Chinese app
Waste
Shocking app
Watch doesn't connect. Tried to connect several times and nothing. Don't buy this watch. If I could give it lower than 1 star I would. Also, this isn't the watch I ordered, got it off FB. Don't ordered anything from FB.
When i search for device, will go to home screen and stop working apps. Useless
This app did not work on my watch
Nice app
This app is a very bad app. Because it does not have a display wallpaper system. Moreover, inbox messages and not a single cell support. So I am making a request to the authorities. Who is this app? Please updated it.
Poor app Update HaryFine apps
So poor
Horrible device, no way to charge it and unable to turn it on or pair it to my phone. I uninstalled the app from my phone and plan to return the device. Waste of time and money. Very disappointed.
Totally rubbish. Gives you 1 minute to retrieve access code from email. Impossible to register, wasted good money on a watch I can't now use
The device is not connected Please help me
Cant even connect my watch!
I was using this app with my smart watch,but recently i can't connect it with the Bluetooth. When i search for blutooth it finds but can't paired(every time it showed fail to connect)... Send me the sklution please.
Mine tells me how many how's i slept but not what hours iv slept. And it dosnt record it. I wish it was a better app easier to navigate, The setting were better.
good
So far...not impressed!
Absolute rubbish, never stays connected to the watch always having to re connect every 5 minutes. What a waste of money this watch was bluetooth is the worst I have ever had. If I could rate it less i would.
When i closed the app the band were disconnected
It doesnt connect with my band....what is the problem....plz tell me....
App wants access to email passwords, d.o.b, identify cards, if I'm in the military, payments, what I had for breakfast. Basically if you give it permission it knows more about you than you know about yourself. Access to passwords, are you f*****g kidding me. Read terms before downloading. They might as well ask for your bank account pin number as well.
Very bad app
Cannot get time to set properly and when I do date and month won't work. This app does not work very well and the smart band will be returned!
Can't connect to the phone, what is the verification code
This is a big waste of money, time and patience! Unbelievable!
Not adjust time and auto step is running
This is the worst app I've ever seen. I doesn't connect to my phone nd always asks for a email nd also doesn't send any verification code
What happened after update my sleep monitor won't even update my sleep data....
Sucks big time
Cant went in
Very bad
Frustrating...you guys can do better, i only connected once and when it got disconnected, it can't connect again.
i cant get it to work
So.....bad
Ome of the wrost app.. Not connect to band???? No data recording everytime shows 0 staps??0 sleep??? And not at all usefull. It's really sidicult to use.also want all the permission even gally pics vedio access?? Don't install this app.
Aap dont even run in background & crash alot
Right
Please update to change the faces of the watch please please update because I want to change the face of my watch please
Fails to connect every single time
Terrible software quality control. Doesn't connect the watch well after up version! Fix it ASAP!
Told me connection failed What can I do??
No bluetooth on watch. Got my watch in mail but doesn't have blue tooth option. Would have been cool app if had functions.
The app itself is useless, cannot connect with the device by any means possible. The watch itself is outstandingly bad, has no settings or real function other than reading messages (i know this from my sister's watch, cuz mine won't work)
I can't connect the smart watch with the app fail to connected,
It can't connect to my phone. I did everything that it asked, permissions and all and nothing, it wouldn't connect. My wife's Samsung connected without any settings adjustments, but my Xiaomi Mi Note 10 can't. What should I do, othervise this is a waste of money???
Ye तो ट्टी है।
Is not connecting to my phone
It is not content my watch
It doesnot connect with band on my samsung phone
This app is a total nighrmare
Can't put in date before 1970. Won't update. Watch was falsely shown when buying. Cheap Chinese junk that is not what you order.
App Doesn't connect, when it connects you hold your breath, the user interface is hard to understand. Please do not waste your energies on this app, you will cry.
Wast
This app is worthless and when scanning the QR code that came with the watch; it states, "the QR code is wrong", and the device does not connect, even though Bluetooth shows the device is connected.
APP is poorly translated . Some kid spent about 25 minutes writing this code , then ... Well never mind.
Downloading the app is so uneasy. Very time consuming.
Why every time I try to get my verification code the app tells me it cannot connect to server? Not a good start hryfine!!!!!!
Very bad because there are a lots of bugs
Clueless... How can one charge the bracelet?
does not work
It sucks!
Why m4 band does not connect with poco f1 device?
Can't connect to watch. Need better instructions
Blutooth is not warking.varry bad app.😡😡
App does nothing but ask your weight and height. Then nothing. The next day the watch won't power on at all. Way to screw people HryFine
Pls update again my watch no support phone vivo y19
Keep losing data. Watch disconnects on its own so i lose all data from the watch.
apps not working properly...
Very fake app
Why do I have reconnect my watch everytime I turn on the watch?
Rubish! Failing to even register keeps saying connection fail don't give enough time to put in verification code I guess reading other comments I best delete and find one that actually works !
Very poor survive
App is not working. Unable to link device to this phone. Pairing is not working
This app is not responding in my phone why?
Worst app
Wrost of time
Cannot register
Collects information that they can use to harm you
Not good, unable to pair my redmi note 7 pro, disappointed.
It literally crushes when i try to open the lame app...please fixes it and it keeps disconnecting it self hell............. Please don't download this trash it is a waste of time timè and energy
Worst app...there is no option to renew your steps...and steps are automatically run... plzz don't download it..
I cant connect to band
Good
After installing this my phone was hacked and started operating remotely..totaly insane
No support Arabic language
Very bad app. Not working.
Smart watch connects with my phone but doesn't connect with the app. Could not even adjust the time. (worked well in the beginning)
12 hours time update in this app
Clearly whoever created this app doesn't care!!!
very bad
Not enough sport options to track workouts. If you don't run or cycle then there's no use nor meaningful tracking information regarding sports
Can't find m4 band. Note mi band 4.
Too bad
Engrish, doesn't function. It's just a garbage app pushed out.
Not able to connect
Why cant I log in ? Wont send a code to either if my Email addresses. NO ONE helps when contacting support. 🤬🤬
This app steals all your info and gives it to the Government of China Shares your credit number with forign aid students here in the United States.
Bhaap
More garbage from China . Watch won't connect to server . Cannot use it . Total junk and I'm sorry I bought it now . Advise not to buy this item . Better watches available from better companies outside of China now .
This is really glad to see such a dumb and freaking experience I really hate this manga application😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠.
Need music control.
Just downloaded app and it keeps saying scanning to frequently when I try to connect to phone
Not able to login, even while registering with another email, cannot do. Request admin to look into matter. Wrist Wear not accurate, it show heart rate and BP even if not wearing. While comparing too it differ. Moreover BP cannot just be measure without obstructing a vessel.
I just got the app because the watch I have had a qr code for it, I received a notification for a aoftware update for my watch but the app keeps saying "connection server failed" I want this fixed asap please or else im gonna have to send my watch back.
Horrible. Not charged. No info on how to charge. Not able to get this going at all. Would give a negative review if it was possible. Don't buy the watch.....
This app was mi band duplechat
Worked one week. Now cannot get it tk reconnect. Have tried to reset, remove and reinstall. Nothing.
😑😑😠😠very bad app not having good feature yoho sports have have so good feature 😍 this app is bad😠
Bakwas app ..not working.not usefull
I WONT GIVE A STAR AT ALL...THIS APP IS SUCK,HIS SCANNER BEING BLURR ALL THE TIME...HARD TO ADJUST...I WISH THE GOVERMENT STOP THIS APP
Latest upgrade has caused the app to not give me bracelet steps in the history. The main screen still shows steps today but the historical data screen shows no data for today or yesterday, the day I installed the upgrade. Also I gave tried to use the running feature several times but st the end of the run the screen is back to start a run and has not captured the data. Such a shame the bracelet only supports this App. Will probably just throw the watch away in the end. No use if with no history.
Lousy app developer. Get your act right. If you sell your product make sure it works. Maybe for a start just a gimmick to seem all works than later not functioning. Regret buying product from you. Will let my friends know if they intend to buy, don't buy..PERIOD!
Giving 1 star because 0 was not an option. This application requires permissions that have nothing to do with fitness or health. Could someone explain to me why this program needs access to my call logs? How does knowing who I talked to and when help this application monitor my steps and heart rate? The developers are obviously taking personal information so they can sell it for profit. If you value your privacy do not intall.
Horrible App - rarely connects to watch I got a "smart" watch which uses this app for its interface. Biggest problem: even though my phone shows the watch in the Bluetooth devices, the App almost never connects to the watch. In six weeks, it has connected to the watch three times for about a day. When I search for the device, the app sees it, but says "connection failed.". I have tried everything. Several of the watch functions do not appear to be supported by the app, also.
There is problems to connect with some features plz fix it
Can not change from military time to 12 hour format. I have contacted developer 2 times now and no response back
Can't Change the time into 12hourse mode....
Please provide option to OTA upgrade.... All M3 band app have ota upgrade options... please. Provide....... Please
Bought a watch over a year ago it was amazing! But I lost the watch part if it, so I ordered this 1. And it's not charging or showing that it's on.
The watch worked for a bit. Now I can't get access because the app isn't recognizing my email. The watch's battery dies quickly, and it's always five minutes behind my phone. I have already ordered a different smart watch. It should work better than the one I got for this app. Waste of ten bucks.
Not working with my realme 5. Kindly fix it ASAP!
Should have option for am pm a cant do 24 hour
Cant download this apl at all
The steps either stop at zero or counting without movement. I purchased 3 items, what a waste...
I buyed 2 watches and if I try to connect it it is not literally dumb
Very bad
Divice not connecting
Connected with watch but call and text etc notify with simble (logo) only not with sender name.. ?? What's the issue is there any setting required??
Note step his band
I'm going to throw the device in the garbage. please enter verification code. where? the new York lottery I've spent was too much time on this garbage. the app is junk
All the measurements included are wrong
Super lousy watch and app. The sports function does not sync the data from the watch to the app at all. It is a scam!
I'm finding it difficult to connect to my infinix hot 8 phone. It doesn't connect after searching and finding the device. What is happening
Why did my bracelet is not working? I had pressed it for nearly 5 minutes but nothing happens.
Wont connect at all. If it would connect i could use it. Both a waste of time and effort.
Updated app now it wont connect
App is not working will not connect.
Very invasive app. Wants permission to call logs and text messaging. That is on top of accessing all digital media folders and other info. No way. No app needs that level of personal access.
Unstable function Reconnect every few minutes
Bad
Tenor move + not getting connected any suggestions
Couldn't get it to connect
can't connect device, it's ridiculous
Bad Watch After 2 Days It was Not Charging worst Band Ever
App se discounts hona
Sucks! Paired the first week then no pairing even after redoing set up. Worst app.
It's not good app when my watch was connected and I clear my recent app the watch was disconnected. Please do something
App difficult to navigate around, Chinese to English translation not very accurate.
Not Able to add contact.....very Bad Wat ch and App
What is your app downloaded for
I don't know why it always shows verification code is not working
Awful watch ..not accurate have to hold the face of the watch to go anywhere and its aggrevating and keeps goibg pass whatvand where i want to go .. very cheaply made
Cant register no matter how many times I try. Can't put in the verification code. Fix this and I will change my feedback
This app wont down load it keeps say pending and contines to keep curcling around i have kept it downloading since 2 and here is is almost 10:30 at night still downloading ive tryed to restart and close all my apps and still no
Doesn't work at all
App records rates even though you are not wearing the smart watch and haven't been for 2 days. It also changes these rates. The accuracy of this app is suspect. I contacted the developer but no reply. I wonder why?
Stressful, very useless whatever.
Junk watch and junk app.
Wasn't what I expected
It wont connect to my phone, when i get an email to enter a number, it says to enter the number which is already on the screen... It wont connect to my phone at all
Disappointing Android 6 Bluetooth connection near to impossible..
Cant even connect my watch, this is infuriating smh. Dont recommend, would give 0 stars.
I am struggling with linking my messages to the watch unless it doesnt link
stupid app i click search device and i want an clock to control the clock my dad fix my dads clock it works on my dads phone just rate it to 1 star
No infoon how to adjust the time of my watch.
TERRIBLE
Wont connect to the item
total rubbish
Bakwas aap
Download HF PRO without login u can use this app without any Discount issue :)
Very bad app.. it eats too much battery and doesn't connect with the band!
No syncing with watch
My watch broken because this noob app
This app is confusing and I can't connect to my smartwatch. There's no bluetooth option on the smartwatch so I'm basically clueless to how to bind the watch to my phone...is there a video or something?
U didnt send me a charger for watch....
No permite conectarse al Reloj. Cero funcionalidad la app
Taking more time
Will not lock on to my watch. Keeps crashing. Wore than useless. Will not read we code
I've been using this app with my watch for about two weeks now and there hasn't been one single day where the watch stays connected to the app which is quite frustrating. I literally have to keep the app open because it won't continue run in the background for some weird reason. Update Feb 11th/2021: Now, I can't even get the watch to register on the app itself. I confess myself disappointed! Maybe fix your app so that the pairing works properly! If I could I'd give it no star rating!!!
Keeps stopping
Latest app update is very poor... It stops working whenever mobile is locked
Bekar app he bas me isse time correct kar ne ke liye use karti thi jab correct ho jata tha to one week me he fir time galat ho jata tha
Mi fit ka ja sa karo .varna kohi nahi chalaya ga🙏🙏🙏
Not showing option of alwaus screen on
App crashed
Watch doesn't stay connected to the app. Instructions are pretty useless.
I want to change my watch faces. My watch is not connecting to other apps😭😭 (fitpro ,Lefun health , yoho sports) Please set this app to change m4 band FACES 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Was never able to connect to the watch and update hour
Bagar aal aahe
The app is poor it keeps on stopping😥😥
This app sucks! I love my watch and all it's features but I can hardly use them cause the app closes out randomly! It's a pain to stay connected to. 😠🤬
Please include Google sign in.
It's a spyware I mean why does it need to access my files and my contacts ect. Plus the app always crashes on my device. but it gets the job done
Never get code to register
Very bad not sopting
HryFine app constantly crashes. Watch tells me my heart rate is 71bpm and blood pressure is 110/80, when it's not even on my wrist. Its either magic (which i doubt) or the watch is utterly junk that gives completely false readings. In fact I didn't wear it in bed last night but the app recorded 8h 45m of sleep, of which it said 3h of deep sleep and 16mins of REM sleep I was upstairs and the watch was downstairs.
Bad app not working
Very good
Hasn't updated weight since Feb 24 even though the scale successfully uploads the data making the app a useless waste of space
Does not sync with the new replaced BP meter...either...all equipments work fine with my android phone bluetooth...this equipment shows as paires in the bluetooth list but no pairing actually...frustrating..
This app has helped me lower my blood sugar by making better food choices. They also provide coaching and tons of info to help you manage your diabetes. Update 9/26/19: cant access my account, says my email is not valid and neither is my birthdate, so I cannot reset my password. Uninstalled app from my phone.
Blood pressure meter that they sent me gives readings that are more than 10% high. Whole thing caused me a lot of stress I didnt need. Work with a real dr instead.
TO HARD TI INSTAL
Won't install
So far not impressed. The blood gluclose monitor will not send the data to the app. I think because of poor signal But I dont understand why I cant connect to my internet or at least by bluetooth so this would work. Not impressed at all, sounds good in theory.
It's 10 to 15 points higher than my old blue a 1C blood tester
This app stopped keeping track of my steps as of this morning I know I walked over two and a half miles and it didn't register it so I'm dismantling it
Can't log in
Wont download
Shame that this app won't pair with garmin watches. Discovered that once you turn 65 Livongo cancels you with NO warning even though you still are covered by insurance. I only had the devices 2 months.
unable to sign in after changing password 3 times!!!
Even though my husband's scale works anywhere in the same house, my scale does not and the scales do not support more than 1 user. I've contacted support, without any resolution. I have offered to return the scale in an effort to get a different scale. The response I received said they will contact me with an update, on November 1st--it is now November 12th. The app, to me, is useless if the prime reason I wanted it doesn't work. e-mail support is not helpful and seemingly wrote me off.
App will not download to my Android phone. I use wi-fi and bluetooth. You need another app access.
Meter will not sync to my Galaxy S10! I've tried and tried through my bluetooth, it won't find the meter! So frustrating!!!
Who ever wrote the UI for this app is brain dead. It does not allow you edit your login, it must be reentered correctly. Birth dates must be entered by paging through the calendar, 1 month at a time.
Can't create account
Does not work. Worked at first, then start getting an "Er Conn" message. Tried everything, including new batteries, leaving batteries out for up to 24hr, delete and reload the app, and customer service. Nothing works and no one able to help.
First of all, the link our company told us to go to kept redirecting to a FAKE page. Oh, it was the BEST criminal FAKE page I've EVER seen. So, I kept playing with changing the address up until I finally got to the correct page and could sign up for the program sponsored by employer. From there, I had a link texted to me to download the App. Mistake! Downloaded and never worked...whatever! I been working with technology/communications for a while...never had this much of a problem!!!
Garbage. I feel like I just went back 20 years with this meter. Control solution, meter is huge, strips are huge, lancing device is huge. Can't manually entered BG from another meter. Doesn't track protein, only carbs. Can't set my own BG goals. Meter is dangerously inaccurate, testing 20 points below my other meter THAT ACTUALLY HAS PUBLIC ACCURACY REPORTS unlike Livongo. A bunch of stupid screens when testing BG. Company just switch to Livongo this year. I will be complaining loudly.
i can't get it to work, I sent a request for a password change but it doesn't send me one. I think I can get it to work if I could change the password.
Update: This app will still drain your battery when you're not using it unless you close it! They still have not addressed the battery management! This app will burn through your battery if left open! Lately I have been having an issue with my battery draining. When I look at my battery usage in android it tells me the Livongo app is consuming 26% of my battery usage. Poor energy management by this developer!
dropped me. thanks
I'm not sure anyone is listening. Not by email and certainly not here. Still cannot sign in to App.
Horrible how hard is it for a company to understand that I'm a new member, it's like they keep getting my personal information confused with someone I'm not and my Gloucester is not syncing my blood sugar readings with the livongo app, Get it together I might just have to buy a another GLUCOMETER and pay for my own diabetic supplies if this nonsense keeps going
Need fitness tracking. I am already manually entering activity and meals in another app. Do not have time to enter twice!!! I do like what capabilities the app has so far such as linking blood pressure and blood sugars. I also like remote coaching. I do not want to be talking to somebody constantly, just send me suggestions.
Horrible!!! Can't even set it up!
Useless. Needs to be upgraded
Who's on first scenario with customer service. No one can get me into the app. I've tried new email accounts, says I'm already registered. No one in CS can fix this. No password reset email recieved. Can't use services if not in the app to sync. garbage! Sounds great. Does not work. Well,CS does not work because they over talk you & do not listen to your answers. They repeat the same questions. Or accuse you of using spouses email. Not gonna bother w/ it anymore. I'll buy a BP kit from Walmart
cant get it to load all it say is " download pending" not good if its not working.
Extremely poor service and the app frequently fails to upload. When you say there is connectivity issues, you are told their map says you have service. It does not dawn on them it may be innaccurate for your specific location. There are difficulties in getting assistance. When one gets assistance, the file is not notated. I determined it is easier to use a traditional tester with Samsung health, than putz about with this flawed, time consuming app.
not good the meter doesn't work emailed the support still no response. if I could rate they wouldn't get 1star. its a scam with the insurance company. they should have shame. this another scam with the insurance company.
a terrible health benefit
Excessive failures with Livongi stick drawing blood into the chamber... lost 4 sticks in first 2 weeks . . Been doing finger sticks for years!
doesnt track consistantly, equipment doesnt stay paired with the app, more of a hastle then a benefit
There is no acceptable reason to be required to provide location services to the Livongo app in order to take a reading with the associated Livongo hardware. This is an invasion of user privacy in an app that's already ostensibly used to collect "anonymous" user medical data.
This app doesn't allow you to delete data points. I live with four other people, two of which like to take their blood pressure with my unit. Their data points mix with mine. the graphing doesn't allow you to change anything. I want to modify, the period/dates of measurements, adding heart rate, giving trend lines. The user interface is poorly laid out and some area labels are misleading in what they can do. It will not sync with Garmin for steps.
Health insurance company recommended program but because my husband is primary on the account, only his name was listed and Livongo refused to allow me to participate. customer service was not helpful.
device broke and couldn't get any help by emailing.
I have been having trouble syncing the scale to my phone. Tried three times through email to reach out for help. I have received no response from the support team. It's been a week now and no help has been given.
All it does so far is track my weight. it says my Google Fit is in sinc, but Livongo is NOT showing my steps. I have to go to Google Fit to see that. I'm not tracking blood sugar or blood pressure... I signed up primarily to track weight and movement all in one app. Will delete livongo and just continue w/Google fit.
bad
App really does very little, it will sink with a scale and record your weight. if you have Google fit it will record your steps (not compatible with other devices) no ability to track anything else even if manualy entered. To help me reach my weight goal is asked if i measured my food portions each day. not much help.
I was told to sign up and I would get a 100 Amazon gift card. After signing up. Nothing has said about it. Not sure why I even did this. I feel like I gave up my information for what a scam????? Very confused
the bp device works great but the connection to the app never works.
DO NOT NEED A BLOODY MAIL.ACCOUNT!!!!!!!!
Needs alternate connection options like WiFi or even Bluetooth to a connected smartphone with this app. I have very poor cellular reception at my location making reading uploads to the server extremely difficult. They send notifications saying if I don't upload readings I'll be dropped from their program. It's not my fault your meter can't connect via WiFi like everything else these days...
You cant track food, or sync with a Fitbit. Love livongo, but their app can def use improvements
terrible cannot sign in will not accept email or password will not let me change it
the test strips are absolute trash. they don't draw blood from the finger.
I tried for a couple hours to give this app to download and I never did
Installed the app. Had to register with user name and password. User name and password I JUST SET UP did not work. Contacted support. Sent me an e-mail saying they would get in touch with me. Next e-mail asked for feedback. FEEDBACK FOR WHAT? They never comtacted me! Closed my account because I didn't provide feedback. Here's your ferdback... THIS COMPANY IS USELESS!
Cant connect to app
I downloaded the app, it says 100% complete but won't let me open the app.
Will not finish loading. Says 100% but "Open" ap never hi-lights to click.
App was mediocre at best. The worst part is the meter. The values would fluctuate wildly using the same drop of blood.
My meter is at least 15 points higher than my old meter
Wouldn't work with my device, I don't have cell reception at home. Doesn't connect with wifi.
Review on company. Meter last around 3 hrs on full charge. I've called and they promised to help me and never did. The readings are off. I'll check with clean fingers 2 times in under 30 secs and half the time it's 50 off. It never has service doesn't upload. The lancet device doesn't draw blood. They sent me 9 different ones even though it's not strong enough. Had to get a cheap one off Amazon that's way better. When I call reps don't even know what diabetes is. Livongo please help w/ my probs.
Never worked, and support was slow and totally ineffective. Bp cuff works atand alone but would never connect to track. Only solution offered after multiple support requests, was to find somewhere that had better cell signal
I can't even figure a way to see my numbers. It also seems to have spent alot of energy to do blood pressure, weight, and steps which I don't have access to.
Not easy to use. Can not open Challenges or Learning do not like it
Not working anymore. Can not login. Password reset impossible to do. Several times reported to support. No solution till now. By password reset it keeps getting network errors!! And it seems nobody can fix it. So will delete the app. To bad, as I did like the prohram idea.
Fraudulent business. I signed up after receiving an offer letter of a hundred dollar Amazon gift card ,only to be messaged I'm not eligible. Stay away it's a data mining enterprise JD
The app must sign into web to work. when looking for data, must be logged into web. i tried inputting my policy info but it keeps erroring out as there is no insurance match. stupid. there are many others that work better. at least i got a nice scale outvof it all
awful
ships by FedEx who are useless.
This is a joke. I was sent a miscalibrated scale. I called customer service. I sent emails. I got no response, and no resolution. I get emails and texts telling me I have not weighed myself in a while. I started getting emails telling me my membership would be cancelled. I even got a letter via snail mail advising this. Still, every attempt to communicate results in a case being opened, and that someone would get back to me shortly. I am still waiting, but I am not holding my breath.
Had to ask Irene to speak slower/clearer while registering. Couldnt sign in w/password provided. Asked for new password but never received
password not working
I FINALLY get the scale to work now my app won't work. As long as my scale wasn't working my app worked now that the scale works, the app doesn't. 🤷
Cannot complete install. I have no idea how it works! Work requested this app. Why?
Just got my kit and I am now trying to download app to galaxy A10E. Spinning and says waiting for download. Been running about 10 minutes now.
Could never set this up.
Rude customer service wont answer emails regarding eligibility.
uninstalled... and keeps asking me to reinstall seems like a bad glitch in the app And my glucose meter will not upload to the app...no signal on the meter...will not even link up with my cellphone signal.
I cannot get sign up or log in all I get is refused rate What...
This app is as awful as their bulky and outdated meter. Their enormous and often bent test strips require twice as much blood as any other meter available! Don't you love to squeeze your fingers dry? It's also really slow to detect strips. As far as the app, there's literally no point to it other than that their company requires you to download it in order to get your supplies, which is scummy and annoying. Avoid anything Livongo at all costs if you have a choice.
App freezes up
It locked up my device.
I have installed and uninstalled the app and I am unable to login. I have checked and rechecked my login still will not work. I can login on my CPU with no issues but the app is another story.
The app and program was given to me at no charge by my insurance company and I feel like I still overpaid. The meter is 2 times the size of my accu check, the strips are huge and gives readings that it gives do not match my old meters or the one from my doctor (was over 20 points off with mutiple readings). If you are researching before signing up for the program dont waste your time.
Using Livongo for 6 days and just determined by 2 MD visits that the Blood pressure reading are faulty and erroneous and reps do not wish to address this issue. Awaiting resolution team e mail per member support rep.
Your blood pressure and weight scale are off by 10 or more lbs and 10 on BP. Cuz I have a life source. That I use from V A.
No connection.scale will not upload, it always shows an error message. Opened cases with their support line. No resolution. Thankfully I didn't pay for this, but I wish my insurance didn't either.
Why is it necessary to provide my location to use this app?
Keep saying uh oh, error. Emailed them still waiting for a response.
After the latest update, my Livongo scale disappeared from the app. What's up with tha
Does not let melog in. Just keeps saying there is an ereor
I used the scale and app every day, trending my progress for weight loss and steps. Employer policy changed, and I was given no notice or ability to extract the data for my use. All app said is "oops there was an error". Very frustrating and annoying. I recommend not using it to track or trend - pull the data out and store elsewhere. If your employer plan changes, you can pay $59.99 per month to continue... I consider this to be in very poor customer service.
The unit keeps giving false results, often as much as 40 points below what it should be
Scale Error 6 from hell... Blood pressure works great!
You are the most difficult oeople to deal with. That's why I never gone on your site. You are not just satisfied with a password you have to go through so much mess to get to my account. You have the wrong phone number it wont receive text. I cant stand your program!!!!!
The bug that they claimed to fix almost a month ago has not been fixed. Toys still do not connect to the app. I'm disappointed.
Terrible, only connects if within 100cm of the toy. Drops connection constantly with no feedback. Waste of time and money in my opinion.
Will not recognize my Lush keeps crashing says there's a bug. I'm using a LG smartphone. Was working now it stopped. Works on my friend's phone for now.
This was working wonderfully now there's an update, I can't do it. I've resent both. Redownloaded and it won't. I've only had these a few weeks!
Not good
I'm having trouble logging back In. It says data error please log back in. And it won't let me back in. This is very frustrating
This app does not stay connected via Bluetooth. Device does not come with remote so have to use app. Needs much improvement. Makes the device not worth money spent if can not use when want to use it.
Doesn't work!!! I bought both the Max and Nora for mt bf and I and neither will connect to the app. This means we can't play with them or control them. The app just searches indefinitely and never finds the toy. For what these toys cost, the issue should be fixed.
1) Constant disconnects 2) The option to keep the toy running in case of a disconnect is broken and does not work 3) "Contact us" option does not work either 4) The remote reverts to the default option (where you need to hold the screen to keep the toy running) every time you open it, very inconvenient.  Please solve these issues, they kill all the fun.
Doesn't work with Android 10 update, keeps saying "connecting" and won't connect. Defeats the purpose of spending extra money buying a "wirelessly connected" device...
If you bought a lovense device because of the bluetooth app and internet connectibilty you just wasted a lot of hard earned money. The app is complete garbage and does not stay connected if it even connects at all
Loses connection too frequently
Good interface but can't keep connection to device making it worthless.
Not working
App won't even download so I am unable to use the items purchased.
Not good... keeps on disconnecting and removing my girlfriend from our chats.... there's no way to permanently add her
Always having problems with adding the toy.
I'm really disappointed in this product and apps... I just bought the LUSH and the remote can never pick up the signal. However, it connects on the lovesense connect...but even still I still have issues with that program as well
cant make an account protal is broken
Remote long distance control does not work evem after uodating both devices. No more error message. Is juste the tap control does nothing.
Login error not allowing login Showing error with login again 8004
This app is garbage. It can't ever connect to the servers to make an account, rendering the real purpose of the app completely useless. I'd give it zero stars if I could, utter garbage.
I can't log in! I've tried so many times . I even deleted and Made a new account through web! But I still can't log in. Whenever I try to it just shows " data error please log in again [B001]" app developers please look into it
Blue tooth connection last for only a few seconds
This is more for Lovesense their customer service hasn't e-mailed back. I bought my vibe used it maybe 8 times most the time the app would not to connect or disconnect every few second. Now the toy doesn't work at all. Won't charge at all I'm disappointed.
Won't connect to any of the 4 toys we bought. Maddening. Used to work, poorly at best, but now nothing works. $400 wasted
Getting data error while login. Update on priority to improve the rating
Updated now won't connect...
It won't even allow me to log in as it reads that it's "unable to connect to the server"; and that is not a problem of my internet connection.
Can't sign in after registering. Get a real IT to fix this mess.
Unable to make a profile it won't work on my phone and it only works a 
short time on my wife's. Waste if $150 I will never use another Lovense 
device as long as I live.
App use to work pretty good was only a little annoying while connecting. Now... Totally useless won't connect at all. Whole reason i chose this product and not something way cheaper was to avoid poor quality issues like this.
Can't connect to device at all (I'm using Android N)
The toy no longer connects since upgrading to android 10. Completely unusable.
The connectivity is abysmal. It is about 5 minutes of fiddling to get 
connected long distance every time I use the app, it takes a couple 
restarts on both ends for the apps to even recognize each other. Dont 
bother with the settings to alert you when your partner logs in, they are 
useless and dont work. This was tested several times as well and was 
something I thought was known how to be done since AIM but I guess not.
Nothing but issues. Disconnects constantly. $150 toy that doesn't so what it is suppose to. Alarm? HA! It doesn't even stay connected if you close your legs! This needs to be fix asap!
Unable to make an account, partner made account for me.... unable to connect to server, that's as far as I've gotten, cannot trouble shoot as I cant seem to access any web page linked to this product, something seems dodgy to me. Seemed simple enough technology to use...... if it worked, cannot use this for the sole purpose for which it was bought.... shame
connected the one time and then just says "connecting" . Pretty useless if u cannot connect this to the app. Don't bother telling me to contact support. Already did. If you were smart this clearly common issue would have troubleshooting steps on the website.
Ever since having this app i have trouble connecting my lush to it. Tried logging on today & can't even log in to the app. Considering how expensive the lush is to purchase i am extremely disappointed
Since the last update, the app keeps opening on its own and crashing every 
single time.
Very hard to connect
Says waiting to download. Can not even get the app
Got my girlfriend to make me a account but still can't connect to sever
Everything was okay but now my toy wont connect anymore! I've tried everything but nothing has worked. Please fix this!
Work only few mins.
I'm only rating 1 cuz I never truly used it. When I sign up it just keeps 
saying submitting. Please help!
i connected to the phone appt and the vivration was very low even when i turn it up.
App is garbage. Just stay away from the product
Have sent a enquiry to the help email, no response, no response to my review here either. Toy did work close range but won't r distance mode. Buyer beware.
keeps disconnecting its updated n still not working right
Bought the lush toy for this, never worked right, expensive toy for the price, wanted refund they refused, lot of headaches
Great idea but gets disconnected all the time, takes all the fun away. Useless toy.
Cant connect to any toys since updating
It's a great toy according to my wife when it stays connected. We spend more time trying to connect then reconnecting then actually using it. I don't understand why the software can't stay connected with the Lush toy. We own a 100.oo dollar piece of rubber.
Cant connect to my toys(max&nora), green light stops flashing on toy, but app cant find them....
Doesn't work as advertised. I purchased a Max and Nora for long distance play. However, the bidirectional play option hasn't worked for  the past year. Lovense refuses to offer me a refund. I feel burned -- clearly they don't value customer satisfaction. Please note that Lovense could offer me a refund without my returning the product.
Remote app doesn't let me log into it no matter what I try !
Seems like this should be perfect, but it's not. Bluetooth is better then 
this, but this toy sucks. I'm lucky if it works for a min or two
Disconnects every 3 seconds and have to turn it off and on every time it disconnects making the toy useless, also long distance does not work at all. I use phone called essential
App went down with no warning/no maintenance announcement
Says I can not connect to server when I try and log in
This app is awful. I try to sign up and I just keep getting told unable to connect to server and error codes. My toy is charged and enabled and my phone is Bluetooth enabled and location enabled. Not very happy with it at all
App will not stay connected to any of the Lovense toys.
I bought a Lush 2 months ago for chat room and still have not used it due to me not being able to hook it up..the instructions they give are wrong..so I wasted my money and cannot find anyone that has one to help me!!!
wont connect from bluetooth. spent $200 for this toy and its always disconnecting or not connecting at all. dont waste your money until they fix this issue.
Ever since the March update, my toy won't sync. Completely frustrated. I've uninstalled abs reinstalled the app. I've removed the toy after trying to sync or filler over an hour and now I can't get the toy to "load" back onto my app. App gives little to no troubleshooting help.
This app doesn't stay logged in at all have to keep login in or telling the other person to log in witch defeat the hole point of the app and Avery thing
Awful app and worse after the latest update. Cannot connect to my phone at all now and does not connect to my partners bluetooth at all. So far tech support has been no help! Angry is an understatement.
I can not get this app to pair up with my toy. Bummed.
Keeps disconnected
piece of sht.  try to create account. must read and accept terms. but does not allow you to check the box or push the button to accept terms
It keeps telling me my device don't exist but it sees it and connect for a second then says error
I have an expensive boat anchor, not a sex toy. What does it mean when the app replies "will be installed soon"? Play store labels app as installed, yet there is no sign of it on the phone. No fun.
This one star is a dummy rating so I can right this review as this toy is still brand new and I haven't fully acclimated to it yet. Its app has started acting up, it won't let me log in/tells me my account doesn't exist when trying to get a reset link for my login/tells me my kids already exist. When it does log in I don't know which lishbit is connecting to but it ain't mine because I tested out one of the custom patterns submitted by other users and my toy didn't vibrate, PERIOD.
though the app gives you a good walk through on how to set it up it's absolutely useless and can not hold a connection for more than 2 seconds making the toy completely useless at the price it's sold at I was hoping for a better product
Says disabled call costumer support??
Wants photo and location access telling us this is needed for Bluetooth but this is a lie.
I really couldn't tell you good the app is.  I just got my lush and have been trying for three days now to pair with my S4 note with no success.  Please help.
I cant even download the app...
Doesn't work
I cant get my app to connect to my phone, I keep getting an error message
As others have stated, the app wants access to your photos & too many 
uneccessary areas of the phone and offline mode is too limited.
My partner and I where looking for a fun time tonight on using this. Just to find out it's not working right?!?!? Not only is it a big blow to our plans, but right now she spent the money on it for this to happen. Fix this soon.
Since the update Bluetooth connection issues. If not fixed soon will be seeking refund. Very poor.
!!DO NOT BUY!! 1 star is generous. I was excited to try out these toys, the concept is spot on - but the execution is atrocious. Off the bat, it took more than two weeks for my order to arrive (the Hush, and the Edge). After fully charging, connecting and updating firmware,I went to try them out. Connection is lost immediately with both toys unless my phone is less than a foot from the device. So unless you wanna keep your phone right next to the toy, the interactivity is worthless
HORRIBLE !!!!!!! Notification issues Galaxy S10+ I turned on ALL of the notification options but I still dont receive notifications if my partner logs on or messages me UNLESS the app is running in background PLEASE FIX !!!!!! VERY ANNOYED expansive product but app doesn't work properly
Patterns are no longer available offline.
This app it's terrible, I can never connect any of my toys, it always keep "searching" the toys but it never gets connected and if it do it in 1 of 100, it disconnect and then never connect again 👎
my app keeps crashing please fix bug asap
I got the Lush Lovense toy, the bluetooth constantly disconnects, the only reason I got this toy was because of the long distance capabilities. Very expensive toy and they don't offer refunds. Such a shame, I was hoping to own more. Very disappointed what they advertise doesn't actually work!
We have purchased 3 separate models from your company and none of them will remain connected longer than 30 seconds. They also have sever reconnection issues. We have used multiple different phones and nothing seems to work. The company has ignored all attempts to contact. Do Not waste your money.
My device doesn't connect to the app. It's a waste of money
I sent in a complaint against the company and the company DISABLED MY TOYS so they can't even be used, but refused to give me a refund. Excuse me? If you're going to disable my toys, you can refund me. That's bs.  Save your money. I bought these toys for long distance play, as in two different states. My husband can't connect for more than about 30 seconds. We have been told it's an "internet" issue, funny, we can say on voice chat, but not this simple app. It disconnects every so often when the app was working. Not to mention disabling the toys like that should be a violation of privacy.
Never connects.. Cost a fortune but never works.
The application causes my phone to change "in-call volume" by default with 
the volume rocker while not in a call and also causes the speaker phone to 
toggle automatically about 10 seconds into a call on every single call. 
Prior to the update which fixed the annoying automatically opening high, 
this worked fine.
I ordered a max2 and a lush but only received the lush. Their site says they were delivered but I only recieved the lush. I tried to reach customer support by email due to them being the only company I know of to not have live chat help or a phone number. I can find no information where my package is from the website or from a person. Hoping I get an answer with this damn review
I'm sure the app is great (if I could ever get it to download...) so far not too thrilled with this purchase...
I recently received the Lush as a gift. I spent 3 hours last night attempting to set mine up. I was finally able to sync the device to my phone but it barely maintained connection. I am not able to send an invite as your app requires a qr code and there isn't one anywhere in the packaging. The instructions on setting up the designed purpose of this device are terrible. This is a very common situation and you have technical support to help resolve these problems. Still waiting for help.
Can't connect to server?
Very disappointed. I didn't finish the installing my phone because of the 
access that the App wants to have me allow my media and storage. I will NOT 
ALLOW an app to have access my my personal data to give me personal 
pleasure. There isn't any need for that in any way. If the App is updated 
to allow to deny the access I will be more than happy to install
Do not understand why this app need my gps location my photos or media files axes if I do not agree with this app requests I cant make acc or use it. So have to fake it all with other apps to over come this stupidity and data colection. For this reason I rate app 1 star sadly there is no option for 0 stars.
This app opens itself on my phone whenever it wants. Its not exactly the 
type of app I want open all of the time. I also have to disconnect my lush 
each time I use it and sync it again. Frustrating
Connectivity on the app is terrible, doesn't work 50% of the time, can't connect to server error. For products that are quite expensive, and who's main feature is that they can be used via this app, it is unacceptable. I will not buy any further products from Lovense.
1st, I dont do reviews. I get my lush2 in the mail today, and the damn thing won't link to the app. Now the only reason I purchased this thing was for the remote application that this toy haves. I've uninstalled and downloaded this thing twice now to no prevalence. I could have gotten a similar product for less with all the same modes, if I wasnt getting the bluetooth application. With a color choice at that. This needs to be addressed. Get something else if you want remote access.
Have the lush for play and used to work great. Then it required a firmware update. Tried charging the device to full. Charging my phone. Uninstalling the app. Reinstalling the app. Restarting the toy. It will not work as it says it needs a firmware update. Won't connect via Bluetooth or disconnects during use. I paid a LOT for a few of the toys and am very disappointed by the performance. Needs to be fixed
Device disconnects a lot, and now I wont be able to use it. Since the charger broke off inside the device. Very Very Frustrating!
This app is not working. Cantfind my toy lovense lush.
This is a scam ,don't buy it
Worst app keep crashing everytime I try to open
Update make app completely useless!
Wont connect.  Waste of money
Can't connect to toys. Neither Max nor Lush. Why would i need to enable gps to connect to bluetooth toy. Spying on users?
There needs to be a better way to contact support. I've been unable to reliable connect the toy since purchasing, and it's way too big of an investment for this to happen without support helping to resolve the issue or provide a refund or replacement.
We have tried to make it work but have realized that I have a better chance going into a seizure and becoming my wife's vibrator than to rely on this app.
Errr nice firmware update to the toy, only one motor works now. Good work idiots.
Won't connect to Android. Whole lot of waiting and hoping down the drain. :l
my new toy simply won't connect. Bluetooth on, device found, "Connecting..." I've reinstalled the app, restarted my phone, restarted the device. It worked before with other devices that have since stopped working but this one just refuses.
Opens and crashes like nobody's business.
Keeps opening up on my phone...
Would give the app a 4 or 5 but starting today it wont allow me to login. Connecting to the device is not a problem but i cant login and and use saved patterns among other things. It appears as tho this is widespread based on reviews yet no comment from the company. Fix your app.
It doesn't find Magic Motion Flamingo
Used it one day an now it will NOT connect. For $100, I shouldn't be having this kind of issue. Pretty pissed.
Lush will come up on Bluetooth device list on mobile, just wish it would come up to connect in the app...
Very frustrating. Will not stay connected and my partner is quickly losing interest. So sad!
"Cannot connect to server" continual fault
wont connect!!!
Bluetooth won't connect since the last update.
Since the last update, my partner and I get nothing but login erros and are unable to use the app
doesn't connect to my toy. it's set up and everything. my device shows up, but it just never Bluetooth syncs to my phone anymore. the times it does I have to play with it for 20 minutes.
Never connects with toy
Do not invest in this product. It does not stay connected. It does not operate as advertised.
Does not connect to my toy 90% of the time. I've disconnected all other Bluetooth device and restarted numerous times. Useless.
Toy no longer connects to the app and I cant get customer support to respond back to me to try and resolve the issue. Such a waste of money.
The point is long distance use, doesn't work. Might as well cheap cheaper toy with manual options than this.  Too bad there isn't zero stars,
Records you during use! It is listening to your personal intimacy!  Also has terrible disconnects
Alarm feature is garbage, and never works as intended.
always getting booted when i want to sync or control.... so many bugs!!! i have tryed to contact them.. took a screen shot of the code.. reallly really hope thry fix the bugs.
was great. now I get "unable to connect to server a000" I am connected to the internet. tried Wi-Fi, and mobile data. reinstalled and still nothing. All the links you give also lead nowhere. Now just an expensive paper weight, Thanks.
Like most Bluetooth won't connect,  makes app useless. Sending product back tomorrow for a refund. Not as advertised. The canned response from lovense is not true, or the booklet with the playstore advertised is not true.
Needs permission to access my photos and other media just to sign up for an account!? No thanks!! Wish I had checked the app out first before I purchased anything, now I'm out $120 for something I will never use. Very unhappy.
slab. se deconecteaza constant
I cannot for the life of me get passed the laggy log in screen. I used to have ZERO issues, but now I kinda can do without
Same here. Can only show connecting after the first use. Tried clearing cache or even reinstalling. Nothing has worked so far.
It want stay connected
Will connect but not vibrate at all. It's been only 6 months and barely 
been used because it's was also weak when it was working.
Can no longer connect to my Lush 2 (From my pixel 2xl with Android Q). It does find it but won't fully connect, it instead keeps showing connecting... I don't know if this is a known and fixable issue or an update issue, but please fix it..
The new update doesnt let me log into my account even when I reset the password
Seriously had this thing for years i thought you guys would've fixed this problem already. The app lags at the opening screen so much kills the damn mood. Ive had this toy for 5 years and tried to be patient but after years of literally this thing disconnecting and never working properly im making the change to the Elvie. Im tired of it. Y'all had a great concept just wasnt good enough .
Tried for days to connect via bluetooth and gps is on and cant find toy. Totally useless app. Only works with long distance.
Can't video call even though we have good WiFi. Keeps signing out and not connecting!!!! Terrible!
why do you need to view my media and files? why do you need my location? trying to spy on me while i masturbate? not giving you permissions. app is worthless. $100 down the drain. i want a refund!
It says 'unable to login'. What to do???
It won't let me download it so yea it pretty much sucks....waiting for download infinitely.
does not work correctly on samsung s6 active(only works via web link, Won't log into for full functionality. ok on samsung s9, but creating a pattern on s9 for 2 vibrators (hush and lush 2) there suppose to work independently but don't (another fault) there working in unison👎thats not suppose to happen. preset pattern allows control of both. after spending £210 on 2 sex toys you can't even get this app working right as at present in my opinion it is a waste of money, and a disappointment
The toy is great, the app makes it worthless. Doesn't work, randomly 
disconnects, rarely fixable. Don't bother with either product.
I can't to connet my toy :(
No longer connects to toys at all
Cannot dl on Android
last update broke app completely cant even log in at all now
Would be nice if my toys conected stragiht away but no they dont
Absolute junk. Constantly disconnecting. Tried every trouble shooting step, still disconnects. STAY AWAY!!
Very disappointed can't even use it I can use it manually but as for connecting to Bluetooth keeps rejecting Bluetooth from the toy from the Lush and can't get through to the contact website under construction I think this is BS
Doesn't link to any interactive websites.
Half the time the long distance feature doesn't work. The other half the toy disconnects randomly. Definitely frustrating for my bf and I.
The app sucks.  Crashes.  Cannot connect to the toy.
we got the lush today my friend was excited will not connect works as stand alone but won't to S10
Unable to connect to server this is so rubbish always has a problem
my app keeps crashing when i try to connect. edit; when i go to control another persons lovense it says the app crashes. i have tried to uninstall the app and reinstall, restarting my phone, and restarting the app.
This is the worst app . I spent $ 100 plus dollars on the lush and it won't pair to my phone . I've tried everything .
Why do you need the access to my phone storage at login screen?
having issues with it conecting to my toy. it conects at the beggining but then loses conection after 10-20 mins and then wont reconect. stating no toys are available
It's a battery hog all the time. Fix it and then 5 stars. Should be zero battery when not connected. Also disconnects frequently despite being well within range
Just recived my lush i have been trying to connect it wih my samsung for hours now no luck. It recognises the lush is there but is constantly connecting and never connects properly
The Bluetooth is always unstable. I get connected for a while and then disconnect for no reason.
My lush 2 keeps not coneecting
Can't use without registration and granted access to my photos!!!
Can you stop putting ads in the splash screen for the app? I already bought your toys. I'm trying to use them, not watch marketing material.
had the toy almost a month n it still won't let me recieve my tips it keep saying log in long as im controlling it , its okay , but thats noo fun
giving this a one star as it won't let me sign up because it is all zoomed in and there is no way to zoom out I have uninstalled and reinstalled and still all zoomed in, it is a complete joke
Sooo cant pair.  Blutooth button referred to in help file doesnt exist.  App always gets refused connection, and as i mentioned the apps help file refers to a button that doesnt exist and a settings menu that also doesnt exist.  Could have bought any vibrator for 12$.  Nice scam.  We were excited to debut this on our web show tomorrow night, but i guess tomorrow we have to instead do a review for our customers.
More than 1/2 The time you can't get it to sync up
These people need to be out of business and sued for scamming people. App connectivity is awful.. Multiple replacements and different devices. Stay far away.
Uninstalling. App is randomly opening in the background now without ever 
using it. Seems like questionable actions again.
why is it so hard to connect?
I wanna purashae a license lush in India were we get a demo
Wow..cant even sign in! I put my info in and the sign in button does nothing. log in tells me Im not recognized
App never connected live can only use offline waste of time, no matter what the app never connects
Worked for about 5 min and never again
cannot connect over data connection Wi-Fi only. full 4g signal and just says unable to connect.
Doesnt connect to device
Absolutely great little toy, absolutely pathetic app. WHEN you're able to log in, you get logged out again in a matter of minutes. Avoid like the plague, not worth the hefty price of the toys.
Very disappointed, disconnects continuously.  Great idea, but A waste of $$$.
Can't access and won't finish install.
Can't connect
Can't use app on product because the company lies that my payment was declined twice using different methods. Forcing me to use PayPal and not the method I want (debit card). Will not recommend this company to anyone.
I was super excited to try this out with my partner.. Until it came to the connecting via BT The item never paired on the app.. Even tho it paired when done manually but STILL DID NOT SHOW ON THE APP.. When searching the green light became solid yer still nothing! This is a pricey Item come on guys you can do better.. Plz fix!   UPDATE!!! IF U ARE USING ANDROID & HAVE THE NORA GO TO THE LOVENSE SITE DIRECTLY & DOWNLOAD THE APP VIA LINK THEY PROVIDE.. DO NOT USE THE ONE IN THE APP STORE BECAUSE IT WILL NOT WORK....GL ALL
Lush just stopped vibrating. It has power and is connected but nothing happens.
I've just spent the last hour scrolling through the logs of people's reviews to see just how long this has been going on. This wasn't a sudden issue, this has been going on since the start of last year. And all you do is put a auto reply bot to send your customers over to your help desk, that is also run by a bot, your making a device that makes LDR easier for people. That's a big move to do alone. I'm ashamed to say it, but maybe you should take a page from your toys and just hush.
Taking ages to connect . This is really bad for such an expensive toy
All the help online focuses on iPhones, they still call it body chat, the toys don't connect. Not happy.
It's not allowing me to set up my password and to go in
Another update another failure it took you people 3 weeks to give us  unable to connect to the server damm i could dun that in a hour
Server problems are regular lately....needs to fix the request accept also...
Won't even let me log in,says it can't connect to the server. Checked for app updates, uninstall and reinstalled, Still nothing. Not overly happy cause I bought this purely because of the app.
I connected toy once to make sure it worked, tried again later for our aniversery and found it was forcibly disabled by customer service. RUINED OUR HONEYMOON. ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE PRODUCT, DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!
didn't even have the chance to connect it to Bluetooth before the app caused my entire phone to shutdown and restart
Really upset it doesn't work anymore with the app and I use to love this app and toy...what happened?
Why all the permissions to my phone?
The app wont even work. Ive tried to make an account multiple times and everytime i fill in the info and press log in it just sends me back to the main page and then says i never signed up. It keeps disconnecting even when i use the off wifi settings and this is just horrible and i am very dissapointed all of the settings on this app for the toy are what make the toy so highly requested. And it doesnt even work. I want my money back.
Doesnt work. Multiple disconnects. DISAPPOINTMENT
Is anyone having trouble downloading the update
If it would connect to my phone it would be fun. Makes me wish I'd bought the Hitachi wand instead. Still won't connect...also the link goes to nowhere. Does not do what it is touted to do at all. I want to use the remote and connect to music. I have a Samsung 10 S top of the line phone and this is disappointing to say the least.
It doesn't work, I can't connect my toy because it requires a pin and no where in the manual does it say what the pin is, this means the toy cannot connect to my app or phone
Garbage app. Can't even sign up, because their app draws the info off the screen. I'm using a Google pixel XL.
A toy that requires you to know someone else that has this type of toys
Since the date of purchase it's been constant that the toys randomly disconnect... so disappointing.  The Lush only works if I'm flat on my back and our Hush broke internally at the base so it doesn't even turn on... yet no one bothered to reply to our email to the company. Unless there's a resolution, I'd say don't waste your money
Won't connect
Literally wouldnt even open to let me make an account. Tired for an hour and kept getting A006 error message. Edit: Still can't make an account and its been 2 week and the contact link you gave me doesn't work..
No longer works. Wasn't even that satisfying to begin with. Why do I have to go through the invasive process of setting up an account anyway for a sex toy??? Farcical. And what are some of the stupidly named features like ninja mode? What does it actually mean???
It will not let me create an account I cannot push me create account button
App will not connect to my lush! Fix this please I love making the wife go crazy
Have NEVER been able to use this when needed. Has ALWAYS been unable to connect to server. Everything else I use internet wise works without a hitch. E-mails, streaming films, music and more but this doesn't work
Always disconnects. Same as everyone else says. Not worth a bother and they should include the USB bluetooth adapter with every toy.
This app doesn't work anymore, unable to connect to server error. Prior to that notifications didn't work.
I will try to do long distance with my boyfriend and if I even open another app, lovense logs me out of my account and my toy will disconnect every single time. I have to keep my phone on and have the app open in order for it to work properly. I've never had this issue before
won't bluetooth my cell
Will not not let me log in
Toy won't stay connected, won't scan qr code, won't generate link
The app absolutely will not download
App freezes within 5 seconds of loading after making me relog in twice every time I load it up.
Normally a great app and product but since the latest update it won't even find my Lush let alone connect. Fix this issue!
I was so excited when I first received this product. My boyfriend & I spend too much time apart & it seemed like a nice way to stay intimate even over distance. The first few times it worked GREAT (minus a few connection issues). HOWEVER, after about 2 weeks (NOT daily use), the device started having issues. It rarely works properly & often behaves like it is broken & dying. Even when connected at full charge it acts like the motor is broke. So disappointed after spending $100! Can' even use now
I just purchased this thing and can t connect it to my phone... That is horrible!!! You guys need to fix that asap
I can never log in.
If you purchase two toys, (one for husband and other for me) and person who bought registers they control both toys. It will not allow other person to have an account.
Cant even login keeps telling me incantations connect to server pure sickened
not feeling it. need more fonts, most of the look the same.
App sucks will never connect to the server
The device won't stay connected at 4 feet away. The company is very slow to respond and the responses are not helpful when trying to troubleshoot anything. Would reconsider the device and app, they don't work well at all. Update, 1 month later. The company has responded a couple of times and none of their offered solutions worked to fix the problems. Now I am being completely ignored. If I could give negative stars, I would.
I have been trying to download it for hours not working what can I do
Keeps disconnecting. This was such a waste of money.
Doesn't work. Just says "connecting" forever. Waste of money.
I'd really like to know why this app needs access to both my microphone and my pictures? Will i get an answer? Feel like I've been mis sold a product. I got it as a gift because my partner works shifts. I don't intend on handing iver information that should have nothing to do with the advertised functionality. This feels more like a con.
Frequent Bluetooth drops. Made it so annoying to use. It just sits in a drawer. Such a waste.
Constantly disconnected Bluetooth!!!! Very expensive toy that does not work and is unreturnable! Scam do not buy toy
1st - continuously disconnects.  As soon as my wife inserts it, it disconnects.  When it's removed, connection picks right back up.  2nd - I have to set up a separate account to remote control w/ my wife.  This should be an option for a single account.  Turned Sunday-Funday into a frustrating pain-in-the-butt couple of hours trying to get this damn thing to work.
It does not work, they should give everyone there money back. Just look at reviews no one can get it to connect to Bluetooth so I could just bought a $10.00  see toy
S9+, I have both a lush and a hush but that doesn't matter because your app constantly freezes and locks up my phone within seconds of launching it. Closing the app does nothing but assures I cannot restart the app without restarting my phone. The consistency and frequency with which this app malfunctions makes me extremely upset that I dropped $200+ on your toys but can never reliably use them.  Already sent you an email so don't respond asking me to.
I bought this toy a year or two ago. Used it on and off - and it's never truly connected properly. Now I've tried using it with remote connection it's constantly disconnecting when someone is trying to control it. It pretty much shows connected, works for two seconds and disconnects again. Disappointing £100 piece of rubber - great toy, bad software.
It won't STAY connected to my phone.. If it will connect at all.. Just bought yesterday and I'll already disappointed! Especially for the price!
Won't let me log in
This is the most ridiculus set of instructions I have ever seen. Ready to throw the darn thing out!!!
It won't stay connected. It is very annoying.
Won't connect
App stopped connecting to the Lush 2 and no one has responded to my contact request.
Toy will not stay connected. Uninstalled and reinstalled app 100 times, restarted phone 101 times. Complete waste of money. Will be exploring other products. We were going to buy the 400 dollar kit next week. Not anymore. Judging by the reviews, this company does not care about people or customer satisfaction. Very disappointing.
Very hard time connecting toy to app.
Lately i have noticed a 25 second delay from what i control on my app to what the device responds too. The app used to be great and would respond nearly instantly but now the lag is getting worse. This is especially noticable with the domi but the lovense is getting worse too.
Used to work perfect but now my girlfriend can't sync with it in any of her devices
My app will not connect , Why??? did before. Did you have an update? paid good money for this device/toy.
Refuses to scan is total garbage
Application disconnects from the toy all the time making it very frustrating. Most likely will return the unit and uninstall which is disappointing for the cost...
Their customer support is great but their toys never stay connected.
Ever since the update, my toy is unable to be connected to the app. Obviously this is impossible for me and my partner to use now
Just to sign up sucks. Entered details, then tried to log on. Got message, 
incorrect username or password. Then tried the forgot function and got 
message, email does not exist. Tried the same with alternative email. Same 
problem.
I deleted this garbage. It will never work.
Rarely connects and when it does, it won't respond to controls.
I can't connect any of my toys since your update
toy wont stay connected, £££ for a useless toy
My husband an I can't get the long distance function to work. It won't do anything we try
Remote feature does not work. Customer service is unhelpful. Avoid this app 
and product line at all costs
Honestly, expensive toy. Outer porous material sucks and retains the smell. The charging hole could've been on a different place. The customer service is slooow and not great. I will try a different brand. Not satisfied.
When i purchased my two toys the app link was through google and worked great, my boyfriend and I had lots of fun, for about a month of use. Once it was changed to the new app through lovense they dont pair at all. We spent good money on toys that sit there and do NOTHING. Total rip off and will not recommend this to any of my friend. Cant beleive companies can still get away with scamming ppl like this.
Disconnects after a minute
It constantly disconnect from my hush and lush. Don't bother buying the toy if you want to be intimate with your partner or online. Not worth the trouble for the cost and constant interruptions
Will not connect
Will not work with a Sony Xperia Z3 running Andriod 6.0.1 Get the operational issues right first before flogging the product.
Refuses to let me Log in and use it for remote control. Which was the whole point of purchasing it in the first place. Do not recommend this app AT ALL. I plan to return the product and purchase one thay actually does what its supposed to do.
Wont even download
App will not me use log distance. It crashes the app a lot.
literally just doesn't work. tried contacting customer support and they pretty much just told me I'm out of luck.
This app is incredibly frustrating and does not work anymore.
It won't connect to the server and my s/o is across the country, which is the reason I got this, but I can't connect to the server and neither can they, which is super disappointing. Was super excited for this and spent my hard earned money on it, only for it to be a huge waste of money, time, and excitement.
Terrible crashed doesn't work connect keep cut off all the time 👎👎👎
Wow , won't connect to server ever.....what a piece of garbage, this was my second one too. I've uploaded ever time just to connect.
Crashes during long distance session..... FIX  and I'll change my review. This is the whole reason we purchased. This is also our first time using it it and so far we are dissatisfied!!!!
Not even a 1. This product advertises itself as a remote control product. However the toy will not pare. Instructions are limited and information on help is non existent.
Maybe it's not the apps but the toy disconnects every 5 seconds
Ever since the latest update kept crashing on my s8+ and had to Uninstall because it was rendering my phone unusable.
I bought this as a gift for myself. Shame it won't stay connected even if it's a foot away. Like please fix this. I bought this on a recommendation and would have to hate to tell them to not do so anymore.
Horrible app, interferes with music playing through Google Music (pauses the music playing from Google Music app in background, and no other app interferes with Google Music. -- also, pauses the music whenever I get a message, when I enter the app when I exit it, and possibly other times I have not yet discovered). I need to resume music each time. I will uninstall this app until an update solves this major headache!!!!
No entiendo por que diantres he de darle acceso a mi storage para funcionar; obvio sin acceso es logico wue no funcione el usar musica para los ritmos pero no es ni medio normal que no funcione NADA y se cierre directsmente la sesion. Esto deberian al menos advertirlo cuando venden juguetes cuya gracia es usarlos a distancia con la puñetera app que te extorsiona 😠
Why do you need a permission to access all files on my phone? Can't use app without giving it but sorry I'm not sharing my files with you.
The toys themselves are great. The motors are powerful and have decent battery life. The app is the exact opposite I bought two different models of toys and they both suffer from constant connection issues. I've tested them with multiple phones to see if there was something wrong with my Pixel XL. The toys would be worth every penny if the app worked as intended. As it stands, the toys are an expensive waste of money because the app and toys don't work together reliably.
Uninstalling this garbage. Not only does Bluetooth connectivity suck for 
remote use, but now I have this stupid app randomly opening in the 
background. No thanks.
The app and toy are rubbish it works for a bit then stops. You have to keep logging in and out. If if that dont work  uninstall and download again its s pain 😡😠 so its the toy or connection (wifi or bluetooth)? Maybe the technology of it isn't the bezt it can be yet. But i wouldn't bother save ur money. End of
Stress inducing
Keeps connecting but doesn't connect most of the time.
my app wont connect to server. ive tried to re-download multiple times over and over again and still cant manage to sign in online
Keeps disconnecting. Spotify connected but says I have no songs even though I have over 2000 in my likes. It works but keeps disconnecting badly
Won't connect. It always says connecting. But it won't. I have tried turning off the phone. Uninstall and reinstall the app and it won't connect. This app just sucks. Spent over $100 for the lovense hush and now it's just a overpriced plug. Fix this app
Unable to log back in, how can i fix this?
All fine but dont understand for what app need access to camera, contacts etc... will try to find some alternative...
Used to be able to connect fine. Now it wont let me login at all. Rei stalled and updated dozens of times.
Remote control doesn't work
Bought the hush tried to register an acct wouldn't let me click the terms agreement so now the hush is useless
Won't connect
Disconnects stupid. Waste of money
App not working at all. Can't log in. Some data error. Waste of $100 at this point
Used to work. No longer with pixel 3
Terrible. Keeps disconnecting on its own, and now I can't even log in. Getting a server error A007.
So after receiving a replacement device all I can say is: between the antennae and the app issues it's more effort than fun time. Now, I can't even go to other apps on my phone without the Bluetooth disconnecting and I still can't get long-distance live control either
Have to login every time we use this app. Seriously?
Awful cant connect to server (LG G6) only way to unstall and re pair the 
Hush. Utter garbage, app crashes if you launch camera while its running. 
Great hardware... utter (fill in the expletive) software!!!! Why is each 
update breaking the software more...bizzaro world school of coding? Once 
again update breaks app...totally unusable.
Version 3.2.5 has broken "do not turn off on disconnect" checkbox, the toy 
turns off on connection loss regardless of the checkbox state. Version 
3.2.0 works fine. Current version unusable, so 1 star until fixed. Also 
website contact form is broken too.
Used to work well but now everytime i try to login to do long distamce with my girlfriend it keeps on saying can't connect to server error A000 tried uninstalling the app and reinstalling the app and nothing has worked
Do not waste your money on Lovense Hush toy and this app.  The toy is very hard to pair up and get working.  When it does, after several uses it fails.  I have received a replacement Hush for the first one which died after 3 uses.  The replacement also died after 3 uses, but Lovense  weirdly believe by making people do videos of the problem, then enter into long correspondence, presumably hoping, since it is a sex toy, that people will be too intimidated to follow up, so that they can get away with selling blatant non working apps or toys. Save yourself frustration and grief do not buy or use app, it is a rip off. Like previous person reviewing above, also if I had choice I would not even give it one star. However 1 star is minimum.
Same problem as everyone else, lush2 wont connect finds the lush spends forever connecting. What is the point of having a toy for long distance use when you cant use it for that purpose. I also have issues using this on mobile data wont let me login and says it does not recognise login details on mobile data. I would like a response and reason as to why this is happening or i will be returning it for a refund due to mis selling an item. S10+
It sucks..... crashes way to often to even enjoy
Not connecting thru Bluetooth or internet. Waste of 100.0p dollars. Will be returning
The app is NOT working at all... it worked so well previously
Connected at first, then tried to send an "invite" to partner, I assume that both our invites are in limbo as we were never able to connect, nor see a request pending. Then after uninstalling then reinstalling my Android app it would not connect at all. My partner uses iOS and it all worked for her. Great way to waste money though.
I am incredibly unhappy with this version of the remote for ChromeOS. It doesn't work at all. The PC and iOS versions work just fine, but not this one. Even when it says my toys are connected, it's a lie as they cannot be controlled. Fix your **** lovense.
La conexión por bluetooth no dura ni un minuto y es imposible reconectar al menos con Lovense Lush. No lo compréis, por favor
Connected at first but now it doesn't, just spent 20min trying to get this to work so my boyfriend and I could enjoy a night while he is away, totally killed the mood since this $100+ toy won't work...please get this fixed I don't want it to be a waist of money
keep disconnecting
How is it possible  that I just updated   the app and now it works  worse  that before.  Before it would  just disconnect with long distance now I can't even play long distance  which  defeats the entire point and it disconnects during short distance  play. Fix this please asap or I want a refund
Won't connect
Used it via blue tooth worked great first day. Day tried to use the long distance feature and it said wrong password or email over and over then only one account will work when it does. IT department for this app sucks great idea poor delivery very poor oh well going to buy we sync you should too.
Used once, loved it. Tried to use it again, it will find the lush, but won't connect. Getting poor advice. An expensive mistake.
When works, out of this world. Tried on 4 phones. Bad connectivity & YES I’ve disabled battery opt for it & even tried "pinning”. 1ft away, still drops connectivity. Requires nearly touching device to keep connection & still drops. We have to - connect her phone to it & set it EXTREMELY close, connect hers w/ mine thru "long distance", chat & remote ctrl. 1 (s) lag makes sync w/ media awful. Come out w/ new version w/ better BT - I'll buy. Not dropping another $110 for constant mood killer.
Very expensive product that just did not work. Even when it did work out would not turn off and made my partner very uncomfortable....
I tried not to write a review like this but maybe this willget someones attention... This app sucks. And the customers service is worse. Ive waited a week for a respose and gotten nothing. i thought at first it might just be a bug causing my issue but reading other reviews here i no longer think so. This app has no ability to run in the background at all which is fine for bt mode but for ldr its basicly useless. Even with every permission granted you have no ability to control the device unless the other person has it open on the screen of their phone even "alarms" only work if the app is open. The toy is great but this app is a well hyped joke Just thought id add that this update didnt help at all and that when you have more 1 star reviews than any other type its a good idea to stop throwing the "user error" thing arround. Fire your app designer and hire a new onebecause this one is gonna kill your business. Ur only current saving grace is all the other are just as bad but that will not last
Updated all devices and Drops out soon as Live control is accessed...
I can't even download the app on my Samsung galaxy iPad.
It's just ridiculous. Connection with Lush works just fine, until it's in. Once the toy is in, 10 secs after - boom, disconnect. Get it out - connection is automatically back and all works. It's just frustrating. All software updates are installed, after an hour of tries I'm so disappointed, I can't describe. It was working perfectly fine couple of months ago and it's not
It won't even let me add mine! It says to many people have it on their devices and I literally just got it.
Since update in December toys won't stay connected.
xxxxxxxxxxxx
The latest update rendered my Domi unusable. It connects endlessly and never actually connects.
So glad that I decided to look at the app reviews prior to purchase. Almost ordered for my wife, however after seeing all the issues, I think I will just pass and find a different branded toy for her. Oh well, if you're reading this, you can see the other reviews as well... You can pay $100 or more depending on the toy for a paperweight if you wamt, but I'm not lol
There's a bug or something with the app causing massive amounts of data usage. I spent all day trying to connect locally and couldn't but woke up to find the app used 800 mb of "background data" at night after Bluetooth had been disabled. It blew through all my data in one night and I don't even know what it was sending
Doesn't even work
It says I have messages but it wont let me see them. I know they are writing but I cant see the message or the sender!
I love the vibe but I've only been able to connect to the app once and the main reason I got this toy was for long distance play. If this does not get resolved I will want my money back. EXTREMELY DISAPPOINTED. GET IT TOGETHER GUYS. Update: It will connect for 2 minutes and then disconnect and never reconnect until I restart my phone, then disconnect again in 2 minutes. This company are liars and cheats. Horrible business. The support email is in no way helpful either.
Can't connect
This app is garbage. It doesn't work for me or any of the people that try to connect with me I got this so my boyfriend and I could be closer and it doesn't work it constantly disconnects and tells everybody they have to log back in and the accompanying Hardware that goes with the app is only good with the control of the app so I wasted $100 on the product this app goes to
After this update u done this new "screen awake" doesn't even work.. before it stayed on as soon as I clicked on friend, now it doesn't and when I turn on screen awake it doesn't even stay there as On... always have to touch screen every 30 sec (that's my setting on phone) to not disconnect it. Please sort this out!
Everytime I log in it kicks me right back out and tells me to log in again and my username and password is correct.
Completely worthless. Somehow managed to be worse than the vibrator itself. Hire some competent software engineers
Consistently disconnects. Demands constant location data. I am totally disappointed with this app and devices.
This app/toy is complete garbage. Never connects and when it does it only lasts a few minutes. Bluetooth for everything else on earth is easy to use so why doesn't this work?
I literally just got mine and it won't stay connected when my phone is more than 3 inches away from the antenna. I'd expect this from a $20 toy, but I paid over $100 including shipping. Very disappointed.
Never connects, I own 2 devices and they connect fine until last update. 
Now they can never connect. Waste of money.
Feature needed: Video player for soloplay. Sync vibrator with video
The app won't let me login, I have the right password. And I've only had my device for a day. This is highly upsetting.
Can't connect.
Its looks like it works but i dont know what kind of program it has that 
affects all my others app volume control. As soon as i installed this app 
any other app that has a way to call others like snapchat, Facebook, 
whatsup and any other app that allows you to do so will get stuck in 
in-call volume and if i go to other apps like pandora or YouTube it will 
not allow me to control the main volume. The only way to get the phone to 
work again is to reset it. And its really annoying to be resetting the 
phone after every app i use. So i have deleted the app and the phone is 
back to normal.
This app has got worse and worse shops of stick with the old one
we like it alot but it keeps disconnecting from both of our cells. new s 9 plus and s9 . and full charge. ck the time out setting. its not on. app is up to date. so do not get it. but wife is pissed.
would be great if it didn't disconnect all the time! I am getting the "can't connect" error message also.
The app is buggy you should shove your toy of the coders ass
The app won't even open! Frustrating!
Will not connect to the server. Seems to be the common issue here.
Irritating that it constantly opens by itself when not requested. Battery 
hog that opens and runs constantly. Needs more discretionary operation.
this thing hasn't worked as advertised. I can control hers but forget the whole syncing two toys together. Half the time the app freezes or in syncs randomly.
Toys are well made... Software isn't. Totally unreliable.
A lot of money spent on a toy that just will not stay connected. Period. I've had this thing for years and it ALWAYS looses its connection. Updates to the app have made it worse, slightly better and back to bad. I have tried everything. Expensive garbage
Decent when it decides to connect but it isn't stable when it finally does 
connect. Waste of money that goes along with terrible customer service. And 
they totally won't cover any holes in a wall due to throwing their 
frustrating devices. Surprisingly it was slightly more useable after that. 
Save your money until another company comes along and perfects this 
technology. This doesn't seem to care to. It's really neat how you direct 
me to your website to contact your company for warranty. Awesome how the 
"Send" button doesn't work after spending more time I'll never get back. 
Stop pretending to care, fix your products, fix your website and send me my 
money back. Oh hell no I'm wouldn't dream of sending you my DNA. God only 
knows what you guys are doing with it. So ti summarize: Fix your products 
Fix your website Stop aquiring peoples DNA!
Cant connect a005
Connectivity has not improved even slightly in several years of using a Lush. It wouldn't be that big an issue if we could just quickly re-sync, but the app sits there pretending that I'm still controlling it long after it's disconnected, and for remote sessions she just thinks I'm teasing her. Then she has to reconnect on her end, I have to re-establish the link, and by then it's so frustrating that I tell her to grab another toy. We'll be shopping for any other brand from now on and can't recommend Lovense at all now.
I'm getting frustrated this app will not download
Do not waste your money! Doesn't stay connected, it's a complete disappointment! No money back, just a defective toy.
This app has gone worse now.. when you make a pattern and share it, it 
changes what you named it and stays anonymous.
Ever since the update to the blue square logo from the sea shell logo it's junk! Been emailing support for months to no avail. Will not work for more then 1-3 minutes If It Connects At All. Have been trying every conceivably configuration on three Android devices with zero result. Guy, from the reviews, the present app is JUNK. Please make the last version available.
I could not sign up at all for some reason.
Cant even get to download..... it's been pending installation for 20 minutes
This app is constantly recording audio even when not in the forground or 
even closed. Your privacy is nonexistent with this app. It is simply 
tracking you, listening to everything you say or hear, and why would it 
need to access my storage to work AT ALL. It's simply a tool used to scrape 
as much data as it can and then sell it off. If you are thinking about 
buying any product that uses this app, dont.
Toys no longer connect AT ALL!  Edit: Lovense "this might be an issue with your hardware, not the software itself." : No, it is not the hardware. I use Bluetooth on daily basis with multiple devices and there's just one that does not work: yours.
So mad spent all that money it connects for literally 2 min then disconnects for 5 10 min then reconnects and just keeps disconnecting and reconnecting. Not happy at all.
I can't even download the app
Will not stay connected
Poor interface. Password is real mood killer.
Disconnects constantly
Why would the app need to have access to media photos recordings in my device?
I figure this.... Don't use the app. I understand the long distance thing but use the toys manually. I had a gal's eyes rolling back of her head like the exorcist. She loved it. She's in a mental ward now on account of the lush but back to the issue. Before apps we manually changed this, operated that, turned it louder or lower. Best I can say And just as I was gonna say.. " Why is it that majority of the reviews are from males ?
Before the update, It woulf stay connected it work. Now it connects, but it no matter how many times I turn it off/on, connect/disconnect, it atopd working after a few minutes. Suoer annoying and frustrating... 🙄 Not happy.
Never had a problem with this app until it was updated now it keeps opening 
itself on my phone.
Can't login since last update.
WONT PAIR DEVICE,APP SUCKS
Couldn't sign up
The app doesn't connect when on 4g and sometimes has trouble connecting to my wifi. I'm having to use it just as a normal vibe. I don't agree with cost of the product considering the quality of the wireless controls aren't exactly functioning as they should. It's a real disappointment considering good the vibe is alone.
Fixed the bug but still no button for live control! I can move around the menus but no response from the toy!  Disappointed.
It was awful . I tried to sign up and would not let me ... total garbage
I can't log in
Worked fine once. Now after the upgrade I can't get it to connect- no matter what I do!! So frustrating! Too much money to pay for something so inconsistent!
I can't create account because email is used.. I tried to grab the forgotten password and I use the email all ready used and I have an error message :please insert a valid email... What is this joke??
This app is irritating. It kinda works, then the app will suddenly cut out while using long distance, leaving it running at whatever vibration it last was at. Worst part is it drains your battery like no tomorrow. 22% drain compared to 4% for all other apps run. And that's without using the app at all. No thanks.
Edit: it's been 8 months and the app still needs work. Its functional, but the following items would really add to the experience: 1. External notifications trigger vibration 2. Enable gifs in messages. 3. Allow optional gender selection (be LGBTQ inclusive?) 4. Full user profiles. I appreciate the response, but the app lacks function that even the most basic chat apps have now. This is an amazing product being hindered by poor feature support... 5 stars if they could add 1 new feature :(
This app was great but after this latest update I am no longer able to use the long distance function. This has made it a waste of good money and will be hoping for a speedy fix or will ask for a refund.
it keeps saying can't connect to server
Disconnects all the time and constantly have to uninstall and reinstall to 
get it to work...toy only stays connected if not inserted...disconnects as 
soon as inserted and it's brand new Doesn't work and I've now found out 
alot of others have same issues with remote use.
What a waste of money it won't connect to the app anymore it did at first. Don't bother buying this.
Im beyond disappointed!!! I go out and spend more then 150 dollars on a 
product and spent hours trying to keep it connected!! Everything is fine 
until the product is inserted, then it disconnects I have not had it 
connected for more then 5 mins!! Like it's brand new, I can't even get my 
money returned....final sale....and it doesn't even work as it says....I 
bought it for my spouse to use on me and we can't even do that!!! Huge loss 
of money, I should of read reviews before purchase!! ****Everything 
suggested to do, does not work!! And I have contact the company by email as 
well!! I regret buying this product and there is no way for me to get a 
return!!! DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
Never keeps me signed in more more then a few hours then i cant log back on for hours
This sucks!!!! There is no way an android phone can stay connected to it!! Before you tell me to contact support, i already did! The answer was, we know we have a problem, you basically have to wait. For a 150$ toy, its quite frustrating that it simply doesn't work as it should
Bought this to use with my long distance boyfriend. When it works, it's great but now it logs us out and reads "data error b004" and wont let us log back in. It's a lot of money to spend just to have it not even work. So disappointing.
The fact that the app wants access to my phone's storage blows my mind. 
This app controls a Bluetooth device, it doesn't takes pictures. Same goes 
for location. Why? Make these optional not requirements. I should still be 
able to control a Bluetooth device if I'm uninterested in weakening my 
privacy.
Will not connect so disappointed.
The app doesn't really work, its hard to get to connect to the toy and work together. Keep your legs open and your phone within two feet and even then good luck and he toy was not cheap you would think the app would work better
Honestly, this app worked really well for me.. then they updated some things and now the app freezes and crashes every 5-10 minutes. The loading bar will sometimes freeze when trying to find the toy causing it to restart the application. Also the application will crash randomly for no reason. Great toy, awful application.
Eh
Disconnects every 10 seconds and kills the mood. It literally is either a defective $100+ toy or the worst app ever made. Either way it has completely failed.
Great idea, horrible execution. App constantly disconnects, which is tedious enough in the bedroom, but an absolute buzzkill if you're trying to play in public or long distance.
Rubbish ... Never connected for more than a few seconds and only works within a few centimetres of device
Keeps logging out and would not allow you back on. Why is this working just over wifi?? The whole point of distance is to be able to do it when out and about. Looses connection every so often-such a dissapointing app.
connectivity has gone down the drain since the update. Before it would occasionally disconnect after 30 min use. And I always had to completely uninstall the lush and reconnect to start again on a new day. But now my phone has to be sitting on top of me and it's good for 30 seconds then disconnects, I can pull it away for a min and put it back close to my hips and maybe I'll get another 30 seconds. I'm extremely disappointed.
Just stuck on connecting
App won't let me do anything at all without allowing access to contacts and photos. This is a massive violation of privacy and i am very not okay with this and will be returning the product.
Toy paired once and won't connect to the app again....not happy
Will not connect to devices.   It's a complete waste of money
I can't use the app! It keeps saying it needs access to overlay; so I give it access, but then keeps saying it needs access. I tried uninstalling the app and reinstalling... but nothing. Quite the bummer!
Can never connect to the app unless on my home WiFi. This is so annoying and takes a lot of the pleasure out of an expensive product! Really disappointed in the app!
This app sucks, I can't even use it, no matter how many times I tried I can't sign in it just keeps telling me the info I put in is incorrect, then when I tried lost password it told me my email didn't exist, a complete waste of time and space on my phone
I try to use it and every 10 seconds it doesn't work or will disconnect even if I have my phone by me.
Garbage. Nobody should have to log on Everytime.
Use to work just fine. Now I can't control it via distance...
I can't even make a account because it won't let me click on the I agree box. Please fix.
I recieved my lush 2 weeks ago. For 2 weeks I have been trying to get ahold of the company because when I went to use it the device was at 5% and will not charge at all. I still haven't heard back at all. I would expect this with a toy from wish but spending 100$ I would think it would charge and the company would care more about their customers. Do not reccomend wasting your money.
Pain in the butt. QR codes never work. Linking is a nightmare for Android. No idea how anyone gets this thing to work and now I had to buy a Bluetooth adapter just to connect it. Connecting the thing needs a lot of work.
Latest update broke remote live control
Does not work as advertised. Do not buy! Waste of money and time.
I want this app to work so badly but unfortantly for such a expensive toy you would think the ones who made the app would try and fix things on the App and me and my girl have been trying to use the apps video call but the sound doesn't work... I have no idea on how to fix it and feels like I'm the only one with this problem.
Constantly disconnecting even sitting right next to each other. Don't know when it will turn back on or off. No way to turn it off and back on to make it work. Completely random and at the mercy of the app. Waste of excessive money.
Terrible app. Upset I even bought this toy.
Got the toy yesterday. Couldn't wait to give it a whirl. Can't get the bkuetooth to find the toy. Can't tell if it's the app or the toy! Who can I conract for assistance so I can change this rating?
Having a problem with the app not with the toy the app will not stay on my 
contacts come on for a millisecond and then turn off and then it says 
connecting connected connecting my contacts come on for 1 second I wish I 
never upgraded to the new version with it doing this there is no way to 
make contack wirhu friends loadmaster1
There is zero reason the app should request access to storage. Please don't milk your customers twice with the absurd price and then spyware on top.
I can never get Nora to connect to my app. So it was pointless to waste my money on this. I've emailed this company they never replied. I've did everything it says in the FAQ section and nothing works I wish I could get a refund or never bought the thing.
Lush disconnects at worst moment and kills the mood, if it ever connects. App logs out when minimized. App and phone up to date. When it works it's great but so many issues it's not worth the price. (gen 2 needs a better antenna and bug fixes)
Connectivity problems to the max. Also when I try to do the newest firmware 
update, the toy disconnects 15 seconds in. Doesn't seem like I am able to 
update. I am confused.
Absolutely horrible, never works, regretting the money spent on this company
it keeps saying couldnt connect to the server
crashing all the time, both ends app have been updated but unable to take the control
Data error, please login again B004. No info to fix the bug and it seems to only be on mobile device. Have tried reinstalling app. Deleting all app data and nothing resolves the issue. Not reliable at all
Do not bother. This app and the company are not worth the trouble nor time. I have a list of other products, sites, and so on with better products which are cheaper and with greater customer service.
It made my phone look like a Christmas light. keeps on popping up saying that it has a bug.. Constantly draining my battery. I hate this! uninstalling it. Disappointing
Won't let you click on the 18 or older button to set up account
it keeps saying unable to connect to server..??
It wouldn't connect to my lush
The toy disconnects every time you are not in this app itself. The app has to be on the screen to not disconnect. After a while the toy turns off .. because lost connection.  Very inconvenient to turn on toy. Again and again
Will not connect to my phone after the update. Feeling pretty pissed
Very frustrated, Lush won't pair to my Bluetooth on my S8, you'd think it would pair with any device as expensive as it is. False advertising!!!
poor app, can never log in..... "unable to connect to server ", "access denied" for the price of these toys the app should work..... if I could give a zero review I certainly would.... frustrated and disappointed
Will not connect to toy.  Tried other devices and the app just crashes.
Massive disappointment. Bought the lush 2 so me and my partner could use it while I work away for days at a time. Only discovered after the £105 purchase that the app dosent allow you to log in if you're using mobile data rather than wifi which completely destroys the whole reason I bought it in the first place. Fix this and I will change rating
App is supposed to be a simple controller for a bigger product yet has many inconveniences simply stemming from poor design like not being able to view other accounts before sending requests, only working with spotify premium, not fully supporting their own "contraction" mechanic etc. scammers are also a huge problem on the app. Finally instead of just having everything in one place they have like two other apps you have to go through if you want the other basic functions.
Not connecting... The hush connects to the lovense connect app clearly, but it won't connect to the remote. What's the point of i can't control it? It stays stuck trying to pair. It connected fine before.
This app is not working I can't sign up!! "unable to connect to the server [A000]
Constantly disconnects regardless of how good your signal is...
does not pair at all. phone's the latest android version. app has all permissions. toy is right next to the phone, yet nothing. installed the cam model app of theirs first by accident and that paired right away.
To sign in you need to give access to media and photos. For what?
Recent update doesn't work with lush 2
Why do you need my GPS information if I just want to use it offline? Screw your app
Blue tooth connection is horrible, spend more time trying to get it to connect or to reconnect rather then doing anything else. At the price point for this thing not really acceptable.
Disconnects so often, huge turnoff
Awsome
Server not working, cant connect. Thanks for product.
Does not connect to the Lush 3 at all!! I've unistalled and reinstalled loads of times. But the iPhone app version works for my partner's phone. Can't use it if he's not here! FIX THIS
I can't connect my lush 2
You guys should add last seen option on this app.
In India this Gadget not available, moreover it is a lergest populated country... 😠😠😠
I can't even download the app cuz it keeps trying to download it on two different phones and neither are mine so this app is extremely useless stupid and futile. Until I can get it installed on my phone I will give it one star I give negative if it was possible and I do not like to do that usually
Can't even connect to my phone, any troubleshooting help links show errors. Made double sure the app is up to date. If you ready bought it, hopefully you didn't open it so you can return it. Absolute trash. Negative 10 stars for this garbage.
I was so excited at the beginning. Than the payment comes bye bye dream body.
Just 1 sentence. We have to pay for this app.
I love this app
The app is wack
i thought it was free
to expensive sorry
wish I can give it 0 🌟
I want to use it without money its so bad
Says its free but only for 3 days then $20 a month not cool
pay no thanks
Everything is paid in the app not even a training video is free😂😂
I'm not play for home workouts
Good
people want to get rid of some weight not be broke
It's so bad u have to pay for literally everything dont get it it's a waste of time and money
It's a good app for rich people 100 dollas...no way .I'll be training my self from now on🙄😶😒
the price they are asking for this app is too much. i can get a prime gym membership in half of that price
Okay when I first one on here I was like okay cool cool cool and when I pressed one button it just said 60 days of work out blah blah blah blah and it said money and I was like yo it's supposed to be a free Fitness app ugh
work
Im just starter
it pays and have no money lol
asks money, it's not a free app, hated
Worst app i have ever seen.
I need my money back, your app didn't even remind me once before withdrawing the money. I had to cancel the subscription and I forgot. Please help me with this.
would be a good app if it was actually free and not so expensive
1700rs/month? Lol whom are u kidding
I came here because I want to love my body and get there in a healthy way, but I also dont have a source of income because I am a minor. I understand that you need to be able to pay your trainers, but please let there be an option where you dont have to pay at all. For example, you can have a 60 day transformation but you need to be a member, or premium IF you would like to continue, but have to put in your card information first thing before your workout seems a bit much.
Ask for money from the get-go
You guys should take the money payment away I cant afford it
They just wanna make money off of you
I thought its free
its should be free for at least 1month
it needs to be free
aw yes, let's have u set up ur plan and then tell u it's $5.50 a week
They only care about that subscription. You can't do anything unless your ready to put your visa info in.
I understand what the makers of this app have tried to do however I feel that it is impossible to get a good workout nevermind good progress. With the state the app is now its pretty useless unless ur planning to waste alot of money
Asked me to pay is there a way to bypass this without a free day trial?
Maybe you should make this free to everyone because if you want us to pay maybe from the start you should have putted a price in the first place honestly i was so hyped to get buff but im instead disappointed
I don't like to pay
Fake
Money
nobody told me that i had to pay $8 for this.
Bad just bcoz 💰 money 💰💰
I like it good
it should have been free you got my hopes up for nothing kmt
I know you don't care, I've seen the automated messages. But make a free version, then have a paid version. It'll work so much better.
$19 a month, no thanks!
Worst app......starts asking for money before giving the plans.....and tells that it is completely free......there are many other apps which gives much more great plans than this......and are completely free.....
cant use free trial without paying
20 pounds a month to tell me some exercises. If you believe that doing a personalised workout will help you instantly grow muscle, do some research. The exercises don't matter as long as you're doing them properly, eat right and train hard
some people cant afford a personalized work out routine so it would be helpful if y'all made it free
You will take money this is bad app
What, exactly, is the point of making this app free when you have to pay for it's services?
Money
you have to pay just to work out?🤦
good
dont get it.
it's sucks
All the ads say it's free but as soon as you've selected everything, it says $29.99. Very stupid because this app couldn't even be downloaded in this country🤔
it's paid🙄
You have to pay to even do one exercise, I just got the app and had it for not even 5 minutes and it was asking you to buy the monthly plan.
You have to pay
👿👿👿
This app doesn't work at all it opens then closes I wouldn't use this app if my life depends on it😠😠
bad
Why must it be online it should be offline and why do i have to pay dont download this app its a scam
you have to pay this so bad use a different one😡😡😡😡😡😡
Just sucks have to pay for it all
I have to pay R369 per month?? Might as well get a gym membership. Download a different app,and save your time.
this is a paid coach app in this price you can get a gym membership
Trash
Its click bait. It looks promising but the moment you try to do any of the warmups or workouts it automatically tries to charge you and wont let you do the any of it without paying
Nc with money
to hard for the beginer
it ain't free
you still have to pay for this
Maybe stop deleting the bad reviews. Kinda impossible for an app to go from 2.9 to 4.1 in less than 24 hours.... Not unless they are deleting reviews. (◍•ᴗ•◍)
They make it out to be free, but to do anything with it you need premium....
Too expensive (19.99)
You have to pay for this app. If you could please make it free then I think everyone will like it. I'm sorry but I'm not going to pay.
Man this app is a waste of time if you want a workout app go for other apps but not this
Had to pay did not like that
Did not understand this app. Never used. Cery expensive
Horrible app, don't waste your time.
Don't even bother. It's a waste of time.
Trash had to pay
SO much money fot that
Thought it looked good until saw u had to pay. Kinda dumb considering that some people just want to lose weight and look good. Maybe if the app had two sections, one being a free section for people just trying to get into shape so they can become more self confident and another paid section for people trying to get ripped abs, that might have been better
not good because it take money
make it atleast free for some days without having to register with debit cards
Trash nothing free
It's good that there trying to help you but not everyone can afford to pay for apps and it would be better if the whole thing was free
I WAS SO DAMN HYPED AND THEN IT ASKED FOR MONEY. IMMA BROKE MF
The app is useless without paying You cant open the app without being directed to the Google play store every 2 seconds to setup paying methods At the start you have to give some basic information for them to make a workout plan but that seems almost too basic The app may be useful but youd have to pay to figure out if it is There are free apps for workouts I've used unless you're happy to pay (I understand why you'd pay if you want results you'd pay for a gym membership)
Can't get anything without setting up for continued billing. Initial plan first would allow me to decide if its worth it
U have 2 pay
shite
There is literally no way to see the workouts without paying and even if one does subscribe/pay, the workouts are not generated according to the personal data that has been entered, and do I need to add, the five star reviews are obviously fake (by bots). So basically Just random workouts that you have to pay for
Swallow nut how am I gonna pay for this if I don't know if it works. Free trial should be mounth or so, also 5.49 a week??? I'm paying less for subscription services
It is sooooo bad
Evrything with mony really🤔
Because it needs money
you gotta pay the minute ypu finish taking their survey! this app sucks all the way!!
I think they should first offer a 1 month trial free so that we can conclude the results and if want to , can continue further with the paid subscription and most imporatnly dont ask for the card details before the free trial this is thw only reason yo rate it 1 star
No disrespect but your prices are to expensive and it covid
I was told that I would get clear skin and learn French with this app. I have achieved neither.
too expensive
It forces me to pay for it
payment bad
you advertise it's free but it isn't free
To expensive
You have pay never download have to pay so it not really good
As a student, i thought this workout app is for free so i'm kinda disappointed.
No good
very bad app......so huge payment amount.....1700 rs for just a month ....this is daylight robbery.....there are other free apps in playstore for free that helps us for transformation
I would probably like it if I could workout without paying
Everything costs money you literally have to pay to do a 4 minute workout that only consists of 2 stuff to do
I thought it was free and helpful but u have to pay
worst thing is 👉 asking money
This app has existed for just over a month, and the amount of click bait for it is infuriating! If that isn't enough, the 1☆ reviews are an excellent indicator of how the app itself is a money scam. There are thousands of free resources to reach health and fitness goals, that are sure to be immensely better value than this pretentious fitness coach! P.S Dont be fooled by the good rating, bc it's clear upon reading the 5☆ ratings that they are mostly generated reviews
You have to have a subscription to find out what exersices to do. If you are actually wanting to find out YOU HAVE TO PAY! i dont think thats fair..
You have to buy everything.
I think it's morally wrong to put a price on teaching people how to improve their bodies, especially without equipment...
they lure you in with the questions then have you pay for more than 3 days.
pay to get access
its very nice to try you would love it if u give it your all
Why is not free :(
Have to pay 20 bucks jsyt to exercise? A bit ridiculous if you ask me
why should we pay for exercising at home it's not like you provide any equipment or any thing it's just different types of exercises
you have to pay for it like what is really stupid there are 1000 apps for this yours aint special
I dont want this app. There isn't even a feature to delete your subscription. Its bs. DONT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY.
I was honestly so excited to try this app . The questions asked in the Beginning about our goal and all really hyped me up as I was eager to do personalised routines . But THE MOMENT you click on a routine....the app asks for money .
Sorry i had to give 1 star because i can't pay 4.99 a month or else i would just go to gym, sis is broke to buy. Hope someone with money can use this app.
its poor
I hate because u have to pay
use less for free it's premium app don't try
I can't do it
gotta pay
not Free
It was ok at first but then it asked me to pay 15 dollars and I thought it was free so 1 star review
help a lot
it should be free, you'd get more users
One of the worst apps here.It didn't let me do a workout without buying premium
Needs money
You cannot Use it For Free
They say it's free...but it's not!
It had me subscribed for over 1 year without me using it and I never even had a choice to pay it just subscribed to itself.Whoever decides to download this app please be cautious and be awared, I dont want this happening to somone else.
If I could give it a zero and still rate trust me I would
At first, I was so excited for my workout because they ask some question and stuff. But at the moment that I click on the exercise, it asked for money, bruh
For any workout you wanna do it makes you pay for it. You cant use the start workout button on any workouts in this app without having an ad pop up telling u to pay for this n that. WORST FITNESS APP
expensive
This app is trash like I mean I wanna get in shape for this girl that is in perfect shape and so I can start being healthy but in order to do anything yo need to pay like fricken 25 bucks a month I think and my wage as a paper boy is 39 bucks a month so more than half my money would go to waste but also i could get in better shape by paying a monthly fee of 10 bucks at my local gym
bad
money
got alot of fitness
useless app
The subscription is soo expensive considering what you get, the free trial is really confusing.
Just reading the reviews makes me laugh installed than deleted it asap, a trial should be a month or more. 3 days is pretty sad considering you offer it through an app, dont seem to have much confidence in your value....
NOT FREE
Very useless app
fake
They might aswell make ppl buy the app since u have to buy your own personalized fittnes plan...😒
App is trash
I was so excited to start working out with this app but as soon as you open the app it asks for money and without there is really no use for the app
I don't like this app I need to pay for it
Stupid ads EVERYWHERE LEAVE ME ALONE
I did not get my refund!🙄😭😠😡🤬😤
Why must i pay
Overall I feel like it's a good app but you have to pay to be able to do any of the work outs and as a 14 year old I cant buy it so it would be better if you had a free part then more workouts that you can learn for money or make it all free then maybe you would have better reviews
Bad
This app is trash please dont waste your time. It cost alot of money for excersises you can just look up on your phone, please dont waste your time or money on this app. I wish I was joking when I said this app was a Disgrace
Dont get this app, it wants u to pay
*Edit* App is still refusing to help me in any way. They are straight up ignoring me. Do Not Download! App has been reported App is not accurate. This app charged me $45 without my consent and the company will not help at all. Videos are choppy & this app just gets your information and sells it. 0/5 stars, Do Not Use! Still not willing to give me a refund. This app is a thief!
I was really interested in this app until I opened it and was required to answer if I was male or female. A nonbinary option should be added.
I love the app but I wish it was free
This app is is so expensive like just make it free and everyone is happy. Nobody can afford it every month
This sucks
Been told it was for free the workouts and I have to pay
It costs money there are way better free apps
Useless
go through the whole set up process....just to find out its a subscription. tell me that at the beginning!
The only reason that this app is trending and/or highly rated is due to Fitness Coach paying various Instagram accounts to promote thier invasive "Tik Tok" style ads which are performed by young girls asking if you want to get a "🍑." The functions and parameters of this app are a dime a dozen (very basic). If you've got a fitbit or apple watch you've got something better than this. If you have a smart phone, check the app store and yup, you've got something better than this.
Make it free please. Some can't afford your fees and other like me are under 18. For example I'm 12.
good
Not FREE!!
This app is paid.
Why need pay
you need to pay money
don't waste your time
clickbait !!
Unistall if been using the app for weeks and still doesn't record my workouts
Not the best you need to purches all workouts
you're actually seeking help going to make you pay for it. just keep that in mind
This app is so horrible
After download and preparing your work out IT LITERALLY ASKS FOR Money just to help, Like it didn't allow me to do anything else on it it just bassicly asked for money for actual work out
I don't like how you have to pay for fitness, now I'm gonna just watch a video of fitness on youtube
This app suck
I dont get it people are trying to get fit why do we have to pay i cant even workout unlease i have money there no free workout u can do theres a 3 days trial we cant get fit in 3 days
not free
STOP SAYING THERE IS A 3 DAY TRIAL. WE GET IT! IM NOT GONNA GET FIT IN THREE DAYS
I actually like the UI but paying for it before I use it once is a let down, Edit: the free offer should after the first workout not before also 1 workout a day and only 3days trial
meh
does not provide free service.
Expensive
not free
only 3 day free
Soo bad...we have to pay for every workout and I was really looking forward to doing this with my sister to lose some weight and gain some height but it's really bad and useless unless you pay...so bsd
I thought it was a free app , but in the end they just want money
not free
useless
Gave the impression it was free
I can't afford it
NOT free... put in your info and the first thing it says is pay to see your personalized program. no thanks Edit: that's all fine, and I think they should be paid for their work. The problem is, you don't put that in the info of your app. There was no way I could find to "try" the app without putting in payment info so as far as I can see there is no free trial.
Not free
its to expensive
It should be free you're just getting us a list of workouts
Ive been having a hard time looking for the option to cancel membership before getting charged and i couldnt so i sent an email. I havnt got a response and was charged anyways so I sent another email for a refund. Been a few days after the second email and still no response. Choose a better app that gives you a choice to unsubscribe
What the heck bro i was so exitied to get this app and when i say start it says pay bruh im not paying anything i came here to workout not pay i rather watch youtube then pay this ugh worst app ever gosh
It's honestly messed up you guys dont put anything in the beginning to tell us we have to pay you wait for us to get excited and ready amd take it away from us why should it cost money for us to do better it makes no sense.
it's a stupid paid version ,scam !!!!!
Tried to use keyboard to input information. Keyboard literally doe not come up. I do not intend on using this for very long.
it should be free
It immediately asks for money when you want to start a routine
not everyone has money to pay
Really bad app slow bugged and not for free
I can't even use it
WAY TO EXPENSIVE YOUR BETER OFF GETTING A GYM MEMBERSHIP DONT GET
honestly a garbage app
pay wall
1* for the body-shaming Instagram ads.
All's well that ends well..and this app ended terible..when mentioned about pay. They could have mentioned it before mking us waste our timely
You need money, they ask for money once ur already, it's just an app that wants money, find another app to workout this one isn't worth it
Whats the point of paying to get fit i can.lose 13 kilos in less then,a week
When I try to type my weight, height, and target weight, there is no keyboard and it won't let me type
I don't like that it isn't free because to loose weight I can do it for free realy 😦
very bad app trying to hackk mt data base and card
Always requires you to pay money for different exercises
nah bruh they trinna make you spend money like you could just go to a gym with that money like this app sucks
yet another paid for workout app that doesnt work
Can't do anything without payment. No free trial.
Because you have to pay
We have to pay?! Wow. Nowadays losing weight is expensive.😒🙄
You have to pay to actually get somewhere in your workouts and it's not cheap either. Not worth the price. 😐
Another way to get money from customers
If it cost its gonna take a loss
I don't understand these units of measurement. It's also not usable. What's the point in making it free if you have to pay to use it.
far too expensive and only a 3 day trial free. don't bother!
Overpriced
i think it should be free honestly u would get alot of people to use it if it started out free and if they see results u would then ask for the money so they can get their own personalized workout plan which i wish was free
Bc u have to pay
Don't even bother to download the app, you won't get any workouts or anything. Once you input your data (your current weight, height, goal weight, etc.) It will just ask you for money to show the workouts. And if you don't, you won't be able to see any of the workouts. Even the challenges section don't exist.
I aint bouta pay
I like it
You have to pay for every workout
I ain't paying for this app
U have to pay for everything u are better of just going on YouTube
should have free trial.
I've read the reviews & I've read the that comments the app developers shared and my opinion... allow for ads to be ran on the app. Allow for video ads to be ran before starting workout sessions and eliminate the requirement for paid service and make it optional to remove all the ads... I guarantee you you will double your profit margins due to increasing usage & ppl will want to pay the fee to get rif of the ads... You can put your own ads in the loop, more people using the app, Better reviews
I don't like it. In the ad it showing something else. It a pay to train with "calisthenics" exercises. I don't recommend!!
I want to know if I deleted the app will still being charged?? How could I do that, knowing that I didn't provide with my card details?
total nonsense,why would I pay for an app that i have not seen the work
stupid.
Don't waste your time
ii love the apl
7 day free trial isnt enough time to lose the weight I want too honestly just leave before it's to late. 👎
😚
not free
Worst app
I was interested in this app but the 7 days free trial is not enough time to try everything or get to know it at all. And the amount I need to pay monthly is extremely high I do understand that you have people to pay but maybe have different subscription options with prices ranging from inexpensive to expensive maybe?
Just downloaded and for now it's not the greatest fitness app out there. You have to pay if you want a personalized program. However I won't be paying because the UI experience is awful. The scrolling of the app is so laggy despite my phone having a 90Hz refresh rate. Finally many of the workout sessions are way too short (10mins a day). The app desperately needs improvement!
you have to pay weekly to use it
I have to pay to exercise really
not ok
i went into the app for te first time to lose some weight because i was geting bullied and i was irrtated because you had to pay for everything
dont hype up your users to pay the moment they download the app. it gives us false hope the moment we install it and the first thing we have to do to use it is to pay first.
u have to pay
Why pay?
you think it's all free and then it makes you pay for the program
I have to pay💀
You have to pay
I'm from sudan and i can't pay 💔 I was very happy when I installed it , but now I'm so sad because i couldn't use it never. 😢🥺 Why it's nothing for free in the app ?
App should be free because some people cant afford it.
Its waste it doesn't show any workout
I dont like it u cant do nothing without paying
Why the f must i pay
😑😑
Thought it was free and no payment
You have to pay for literally EVERYTHING. If I could rate it zero stars, I would. 0/5
20 dollars for a month insane I better be getting some temporary dumbbells sent to my house
fake
I wish 0 stars was an option! I dowloaded thinking it would have free features but almost everything has to be paid for. I wanted to work on spacific parts like my abs and it wouldn't let me.
Bhikari
Need money I thought It is completely free
Stupid app
you gotta pay
i will give 5 star once they lower the price and/or increase the trial to at least 2 weeks to see if it really helps
You litraly need money for a simple workout this is a scam even if you pay money it wont be worth it because i bet you wont gain or lose anything at all
have to pay
Why do you have to pay for this? Not worth it in the slightest, I'd honestly rather pay for a bag of air that hadn't been sealed properly
it will not give you exercise, you have to pay for it 😭😡
Yea no i first was exited but then it said i have to pay so i can workout im sorry but uninstall is my option
don't download
Its great but the pay thing no one likes it
can it be free?
Can't even get to exercises becoz they want payment then the app is not free. This is not rite the should make it free so everyone can use the app. The ask for all details then expect to pay before one can see any exercise
the add show it's a free app
can't see anything for my basic plan , i can just see something loading but cant see anything. and funny part is that i have to pay aomething to see this app giving me home workouts 😂😂😂😂
cost to much
They need to stop with the advertisements. They're on every single instagram post and use underage girls acting creepily provocative to convince other young girls to download a workout app that you have to input your credit card info in order to use? Disgusting. Cut it out with the tiktok-style creepy ads. It's getting seriously annoying and I would never use your app.
bruf u got to pay f##k that
You have to pay almost 20 bucks a month? Why is everyone saying it's free?
too expensive, it should be free
This app is advertised as free, yet you have to pay for your workouts even if you're in a basic level.
too much money required
The worst app that i have download ever !
If I could give this app a zero I would. Only problem is I'm not paying 6.99 a month just to stay fit that's crazy! And so is this app
❤️
The app does track everything well but the basic mode where i have been told that everything is free really isn't. There is a 3 day trial but im trying to go a whole year to do work outs and i just can't really risk doing $20 a month when I could use that towards other important bills
What nonsense! the amount they are charging for monthly subscription is too much.
Rip off! They want money right from the start without deliveryng any results! Its a scam! They use tik-tok and Instagram "influencers" to promote this scam. All the programs from this app are free exercises from YouTube! Dont download, dont install and most of all, DONT BUY!
its not free neither to try.
It's an app to make you hate yourself.
Stop paying tik tok girls to advertise this nonsense all over Instagram. Your ads trivialize the difficulty of working out and oversimplify how bodies can be transformed. They also use buzz words and pick out people's insecurities. You literally cannot see ANY content unless you pay. How are we suppose to know if it's worth it for us or not?
You have to subscribe to do it you cant do anything if you are not subscribed 🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡😡😠😈😈
Its just a cash grab it forces you to pay for thier memberships
Crazy expensive
It makes you pay and it takes all your personal information, very bad app and you have to pay for every fitness
paid app
freeeeeeeee
stupid how we have to pay
we gone see but it looks good
I've seen better app but things one is good it just there is no option
Automatically charged 20$ for something I didnt agree to
Too costly
Asks for subscription...Don't know if it's worth spending money on.
This is a very useless app. I've never seen such a useless app
Why your app is a paid app? You are reducing your own users by doing this.I just thought that this app is the best app as compared to others but i was wrong... Please reduce your rates. Please!
Nice
With the free version of the app, the workouts are not designed for you and are on a randomiser. You can see this by opening the app, seeing what workout it says to do today, close the app and reopen it and the workout will be different. Waste of time and there are far better apps for this
Frr i wish i could give it half a star because it looks free but ends up charging you to do the dsily workouts. The only thing that works is the 30 days challenge.
kinda stupid when u have to legit pay for a personalized work out .....psshht
I see an ads (says free training ) i download it don't even open anything without paying. Only 3 day trial and after you should give 500per month.. If you have 500 go to any gym. Don't waste infront of these stupid app First off all you stop these kind of ads
Not a free app Many free apps are already available So why to use this app
You need to pay to use it. Why pay for an app when you can pay for a gym membership
good
Sucks you gotta pay for it🙄
it uses data
I hate apps that are 'free' but require payments to use. Just charge to download
pointless cost to much ill get a gym membership 💯
I installed it and every time that I type to exercise it says to pay. Nothing free
false advertising you have to pay money for any kind of knowledge
Very awful you have to pay to do tasks its disgusting !!!
I was so excited about using this app to get more fit. I had seen countless ads of your app and so I decided to give it a try. Then I found out that this costs money. Your app is really good and should be free to use yet here you are making us spend our money. We looked at you for something that we wanted and it was very disappointing.
you have to pay
Guess you have to be rich to be skinny.
its for mony
superrr
Useless app. Asks for money before you get to try anything. They'll say its tailored to you but that's ridiculous. Get another app 🙄
they make you pay
horrible I am trying to get strong
i downloaded it and when i clicked it it gave me a white screen and didnt open
You have to pay
good
Pls make it free
I went to go do the actual work out but it would not let me start unless I paid for the "personalized workouts" even though i was in basic mode, it still would not let me do anything except for look at the workouts I was supposed to do
Not what it used to be
a subscription for fitness. ok.
I was stoked to try this but when I clicked on a routine it started asking for money and I knew this wasn't the one
Its not that good cuz whenever I try to work out some lagg thing happens all the time-...
Thought it was going to be free.
The words are not in the pic its so dumb you cant read haff the stuff that you need to read
VERY SCARY APP! The app's developers really seem to be out for people's money. Find yourself better fitness apps or search youtube or go to specialized doctors or go to the gym. Thank god that I did not waste my time on entering my credit card details because, based on the comment section, apparently people did put theirs... got scammed! Watch out for your money 💰 everyone, be wise and read the comment section like I did before even stepping 1 foot in the app because you will save yourself
Instead of charging, allow people to watch ads so that you can pay your trainers. That way you won't have people complaining about having to pay.
I don't like it you have to pay even tho the app is free
3 days free and 20$ monthly while i have igor voitenko, hell na!
Why is it not free....
THE MUST AWFUL APP YOU WILL EVER SEEN !!!!!!! MONEY , MONEY , MONEY THAT'S ALL THEY ASK YOU FOR
it should be free
didn't think id have to pay after putting in my info
Worst
Very expensive
honestly chantal is right you should make it free to everyone. like some people can't afford your money plan each month. I think it'd be a good app to use if you made it so where you didn't have to pay that way you get more people on the app. I was so excited when it asked me what I needed/wanted to work on but then It bummed me out cause I couldn't actually get into the app without buying it. I think you guys need to fix it so where if they want to have that plan and buy stuff they can.
It's really bad... I feel upset for this app.... I thought it's free bt..... 💔
Terrible
You put all your information for what you want to get and ask for $18 a month. Not worth installing.
Waste
You have to pay that should have been said right in the beginning instead of telling you all about my body and then tell me I have to pay.
you have to pay for its weekly
I thought it was for free and to make the wirld healthy and strong
Why do we have to buy it🤦‍♀️
You have to pay to do the work out so I don't like it and some people don't have money so some people who want to do it can't.😠😠😠😠😠
The most disgusting app ever you can't even try it for a week without paying . At least you let's us try and then we will decide to pay or not .
It's annoying to see that people are promoting and this app on Instagram.and making instagram feed very annoying.
you need to subscribe n pay
have to pay
The fit score does not work and when I do 6 workouts with 300 calories burned it shows I have 0% progress. What's the point of exercising if I cannot see the effort I put in!!! 😡
you waist your time by not knowing you have to pay then getting the app and later finding out
Basically the point of this app is to take peoples money there are better and free apps that actual offer workout routines.
These guys should give a trial. How do I even know if the workouts are good enough?
Highly expensive... But training is beneficial....
you half to pay for it
Very disappointed 😞. I was excited to download but will delete it now. Im not paying £18/month for the app way too expensive. You can watch videos on youtube for free.
Just downloaded it. Read the reviews then deleted it...no thanks to the ads or having to pay lol...ill pass...
Charging way too much for subscribtion
Lies straight to your face. Not free!
Need to pay...
not free
Disgusting🤮
Trash
baddd veryy bad
the amour u have to pay is too much
bad
I would give it a 0 there is no way this will get you to make ANY progress just go for runs🤣
they didnt tell me id have to pay 40 quid to do a 60 day thing and the trial is 3 days
So trash
Just to increase downloads using fake promises 😏😒worst app. No use
This app asks for payment before you can even start. Also there's no guarantee how much money will be taken ya know.
I was getting excited to start the app, then it asked for $25 CAD per month... after settup.
Should be free smh
6.99 per week with 3 days free
Didn't like it
Monthy pay is too high
data trash tho
asking me to rate it before I even used it
I can't pay:)
I've heard so much bad about this app and I still downloaded it, I've heard its completely free, it cost more then my local gym does!! Forget it. I'll just go there 🙄
wack you have to pay
People are made to install this app as 🆓 which it is not.
Had to pay
I am a overweight teen and needed help makes you pay i wont be using app
I thought it was free
Doesnt even let me test nd trial, RIP OFF
It sucks
Veeeeery bad the price is over rated i'm paying like 90SR for spirts that i know i only needed a schaduel. غالي جدا
you have to pay
she just wants my money...
This isnt food because we need to pay large amounts of money just for dam 60 days training
y'all say it's FREE- whoever is gonna download this please check the reviews FIRST!
it looks promising but it's expensive for just an app that depends solely from your will to exercise. if it were free it could be a good app.
the start few questions were promising but as soon as you actually try and do something it asks for money like, whats the point ??
paid app
paid why
It won't stop trying to pull money when I no longer want the app. Beware! They won't allow you to cancel so I reported my card as fraud
Not worth it they work you so hard u can't have 1 day off and its expensive not worth it
fake
If u dont have some extra cash dont get
Don't ask for money.
i was hooked until i realises i had to pay
Suck
First say it's paid, then ask the questions lel...
you display the losing of weight and want people to indulge in the losing of weight but then want people to pay for it? idk seems sketchy
Unacceptable.1$a week.dissapointing
It should have been free
garbage
have to pay
18.99 a month no thanks
The app is great and all but its 950 pesos a month in my country plsMake it free or separate free and vip access
I needed to pay
Said that it was free and then I had to pay
It is so bad
Useless app😑😑😑😑😑
U have to pay to do most of the stuff don't get the app if u don't have the money
I do not like the app bc you have to like pay for it 😤
It should be free for those who dont have money like teens who cant work but want to be healthy.And they dont have free programs either so the app is pointless
Not free at all and only reply with some cheap bs automated message to tell you there a free 3 day trial that's trash because you wont see change in 3 days
u had to pay for it when people said it was free
Terrible why don't you just make us pay for the app in the first place instead of allowing us to download then say sorry if you wanna access the exercises you need you need to pay
It ain't cheap
it shows you how much to pay even before showing you the workout
sucks have to pay a lot for it
pay to access most features
20 dollars 9n something I found on Instagram fake
you have to pay for it
The app would be so cool if you didn't had to pay.Don't get me wrong,I just don't recommend it 🥴
we can't access to program beacuse of political problems! 🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
You suck and your app I can't get in
You need to pay for this, wasnt it free? Bad app
The connection is slow
It actually a good app to use for exercising
no need of money I can do it by own
i am not paying monthly because i am broke
I ent paying for that
u have to pay
It didn't help me get that Dio body
stupidvyou need tobpay for your body training
why to charge money...rest of the apps are for free.. doesn't matter if you follow the exercise or not
Why this is not free?? I want free coach 😑
I dont like that I'm paying $25 for work outs I cant do for my body type or and it does not have all the features my husband's has on his iPhone (I have android), and trying to cancel my subscription is a pain, I just want my damn money back!!
It did not say from the outside that it costs money
costly
it's not Free
it costs money
I don't think we have to pay for it it must rather be an online app
why should we pay
Would give higher is there wasnt a 3 day trial i seen that and just said forget the whole thing there is enough work out videos and free tracking apps out there i dont need this chronometer tracks everything but doesnt give you workouts but there is youtube or other apps for that as i said earlier.
Monthly Payment Is Just Useless I Cannot Afford It My Dad Died Awhile Back So We Have Money Problems I Decided To Delete The App And Download Another One
it sucks and makes you pay 20 after
No no NO!
20$ subscription
They make you think its free up untill you pick everying you want, and they don't have options for age. as a younger person I cannot drink as much water as they tell me too because I'm not a full grown adult.
Not free
It doesn't vibrate or work at all.
What bull doesn't work at all
It did not work
It doesn't even vibrate
Ewwwwww I just wanted to check out my phone's vibrations
Not vibrating.. Galaxy A6+
Doesnt work
Dosnt work
None
I think it needs to be so much stronger! I barley even felt it vibrate
It sucks
Dont work
The app wasn't vibrating at all, I couldn't feel a thing
Not working
No imma use my ps4 controller
I could barely feel
None of these apps do anything
This is very weak of vibration!
Did'nt vibrate
Honestly my finger finished the job this didnt
Not working ! Oneplus 6
The app works for a second, the stops. I tried fixing , but still didnt work.I reset my phone and a worked, but after i paused it didn't work.
Its already pathetic this is the best option currently at hand to generate some personal pleasure after getting super excited in a too enjoyable for my partner 10 second ride, but i shouldnt have wasted my time as coming to this conclusion along with my poorly held together sanity coming undone was the only coming going on in this experience. Back massager or bust to my fellow females coming up as dry as plain popeyes biscuits after dabs with no drink.
😋
Tried to use it on my gf , she said my phone was ringing
Did absolutely nothing for me.
Didnt vibrate at all
Don't work
Waste of time downloading
Ewwww
Bad
It worked OK for a while, now it won't open. I tried force stop, cleared cache, cleared data...no dice. Another annoying feature (or lack thereof) is that it doesn't have any history at all. If you don't answer Q's on the day of survey, it's just gone. Why the heck can't you give results for yesterday or any other days, in the event that you didn't check for data requested every day? This probably helped F \/ € |《up the data more than collect it.
Taking part in the CV trails. Only thing I can think of is have we been given the placebo vaccine instead of the real thing !
No forms to fill in, I am supposed to feed back daily on my Novavax trial, very concerning that it doesn't work. What a waste of valuable data.
Tech Support?? None
Same as everyone else not able to actually enter any data, just two screens to tell me what to dk and how important it is amd nothing after that.
Unable to get past login page. App recognises if I put the wrong password but just buffers when the correct login details are used
The app won't let me get past the loading stage
Unable to register using activation code
Does not work click on pen icon to make report only takes me to 1st page no way to fill a report just submit bottom of page for something so vital to do app is wasting vital info on covid trials I put my time in for others to benefit from research app programmers put same effort to make it usefull
did not allow me to log in Android 10, Huawei 10 Pro installed > registered > login screen > login timed out uninstalled/reinstalled/reset password multiple times, no change works fine on Samsung 8
Doesn't work with Huawei
Won't open
I'm part of a Covid vaccine trial and I'm required to use this app as part of my trial participation. The app consistently gets stuck at the login screen. It allows me to reset my password, and it recognises my memorable word, but every time I input a password it gets stuck on a "loading" screen. It hasn't been possible to input any data into the app. I'm disappointed to discover that so many users have had an identical experience. This app is not fit for purpose. It's damaging the trial data.
Keeps on saying You Are Offline when trying to log in, probably because everyone else is trying to log in at the same time. Also Biometrics authentication ought to be available instead of or as well as PIN. Also the introductory survey won't go away. Also there is no way to customize notifications that I can see. You ought to be able to sign up for text and email alerts, not really on the phone notifications which disappear once seen, out of sight out of mind. App hasn't been updated 2 months.
Useless app. Im taking part in covid vaccine trial and I can't enter any data
Won't download
Useless. I am supposed to be able to do a daily diary entry as part of a Covid vaccination study. The page does not open to give me that availability. Worrying that a lot of data wont be available due to this app.
It stopped working after the first two weeks. I wouldn't recommend this app. I participated in a clinical study and it stopped working even though I was supposed to log in and check it everyday
Like a lot of individuals this app won't open after I log in my details it recognised my security question etc, but can't log in, really frustrating and there does not appear to be any app support.
The app won't even load at all.
Won't log in. Reported to developers but no response
The App doesn't work. I'm part of a CV vaccine trial & agreed to submit daily feedback. The app's text tells me how important it is to provide accurate info... BUT neither the diary nor any of the forms detailed in the text are available to be completed. The App is totally useless and is undermining what is clearly a very expensive trial. It's now 2 weeks since my 1st jab in the trial. I've reported the failed App 5 times, but no action, so I & others have provided no feedback.
Unable to register using activation code, Pixel 4XL
As part of a Covid vaccine trial I'm supposed to send daily diary reports but the app insists on giving me two introductory pages every time then jumps straight to asking me to submit a diary entry form. Worse than useless!
Able to login to app as part of current COVID 19 vaccine study. But no forms to fill out to input body temperature on a daily basis. Loaded app December 30. Tried calling Benchmark Research but just goes to voicemail each time. Was supposed to be given Help Desk number but did not get one. Any suggestions???
Rubbish. Contacted tech support to be on hold for 10mins to be told it doesn't work on Huawei and do I have another phone. I'm trialling a drug not selling them! Pointless app.
Rarely have I come across a critical piece of software that sets a new benchmark of Not Fit For Purpose. It simply doesn't work. Perhaps the core system is fine but given to the UK government who, let's face it, have about zero reputation for competence...whatever. How many palms were greased to get this CoS as the mainstay for clinical trials for a Covid vaccine ? The whole thing stinks. Shame that we do it have a zero star rating. Mind you, a negative 5 star would be more appropriate.
Doesn't work. I can't access any forms.
I was asked to download the app as part of my reporting for participation in CV research trials. I downloaded it on both my Android phone and Apple iPad and the result was identical. No forms of any kind whatsoever available to complete. Nothing works on the app except to log in and then zero. Absolutely useless. Have reported this to my hospital and awaiting further advice.
Like most others below I'm taking part in the Novavax Covid-19 vaccine trial and was told to log and track my health on this app as part of it. Unfortunately that's easier said than don't as it doesn't work with my Huawei P30 lite. Stuck on the login page whenever I try to login in - tried to reset my password but no still the same thing. Tried it again on my follow up visit and showed it to the trial doctor who said my phone likely had "too many apps" but after reading the reviews it's clearly just a badly produced app. The shame is that that the app is the only way to log things on the study (there's no browser option??). Going to have to ask a friend to borrow their phone. A real shame and this will compromise the quality of the data for the study - thank god that there are other vaccines other than the Novavax one and we're not reliant solely on the quality of the trial data for the future of humanity but pretty bad form for a company as big as Novavax to have such a poor system to track volunteer updates.
The app wouldn't work at all on my Huawai phone - it recognised my email address and password but just never logged me in - stuck on the 'loading' page. I tested it by putting in an incorrect password, which it immediately recognised as such. I was then told to download it onto my iPad. I could finally log in and go through the test questionnaire, but as soon as I tried to fill in the diary it took me straight from the introduction page to the submit your data - i didn't fill in any data, as I never had the option to do so!
Does not work. It downloads, it will let you train, it will let you read the introduction but that's it. Im part of a covid 19 trial and have missed 3 days of data because this app won't sync any forms to record reactions. I tried for hours, even reinstalled app
Awful the forms are never available
Same as so many others, can't log on. Rang tech support who suggest I contact my local health board to borrow a compatable phone!!! I have an up to date android phone.. How can this be so? This makes data reporting a waste of time, how can this therefore be a reliable study?
Doesn't load past privacy policy
Doesn't appear to work. I'm part of a covid vaccine trial, and am expected to complete a daily diary, but nowhere am I able to find or access the diary. However, after 2 screens, I am provided with a submit button, but submit what? I'm also told I can't change the data once dumbitted, but what data as I haven't completed anything. I've reinstalled the app, with the same result. This is meant to be really, really important, but it doesn't even look like anyone is checking the feedback.
It doesn't work. I can't access the pages I need to complete for the vaccine trial. The help line is unintelligible. The email allocates a case number and suggests calling the help line. Complete waste of mine, the doctors and the nurses time. Should be ashamed.
Unfortunately, like the majority of the reviews, I cannot access the app, it just gets stuck at the login page. I hope the trial isn't too relient on the data from this app otherwise they'll be missing lots of information.
App has shut down have spent days trying to use. UGH
Has never worked for me. I have an Honour 20 android phone
Useless it does work on my mobile.
I just started trial and as reported by many others cannot access the forms I am required to complete. If I could give zero I would.
Like many other users I am unable to enter any information, nothing I do seems to result in me being able to access any forms to complete
Useless can't get past log in page using P30pro. So put to the app on my tablet (Lenovo) can now log on but still useless as no questionnaires load, can't share any data. You really need to sort it out.
I downloaded this app to record data for the CV trial but I can't even open the app with my login details. I was told at the hospital that it should work at home (as it didn't work in the hospital, even with their WiFi) but it doesn't. I can't therefore record any details electronically so not sure what that means for my data. Poor app and therefore useless.
Terrible app. Does not work, it will not let me log in. It will allow me to change my password and recognises my memorable word, but then when I go to log in I get the loading wheel.
Very very poor. This app does not work with Huawei phones. Being part of the national Covid vaccination trial, this app is required and the fact it doesn't work is ridiculous. Healthcare staff have complained about its use also. Poor show.
I took part in CV vaccine phase III clinical trial. For the study it is very important that participant report any side effects for that this app was suggested by clinicians. However, this app never works. There are no forms or eDiary where I could give feedback. Without feedback such important and expensive CV vaccine trial is not of any use.....
Doesn't work on my android tablet running android 8.1. No questionnaires are loaded. Needed for covid vaccine trial.
Absolutely useless. The questionnaire did not down load so have no data to submit although "submit data" was only instruction I could access. Have deleted the ap and downloaded it at least 6 times but still doesn't work. Have spent hours trying to resolve the problem. A real waste of time for me and the researchers on the clinical trial. So disappointing!
I am on a covid trial and like many other people I am unable to input any information on the app. It does not allow me to go post initial page and no forms come up to input data. Complete waste of time for me and the research team.
Registered as part of a covid19 vaccine trial, have never been able to log in. Screen hangs every time.
What a pile of Shite ! Part of a covid vaccine trial This app is mean to be used as an online recording does not progress from the Log in screen Why bother helping if I cant record prognoses ???? so let down !!!
First day of COVID-19 phase three vaccination. App doesn't show where to put the temperature. I assume that human life is not important to Medidata. I guess it's all about the dollars.
The programmers apparently incorrectly think 12am is noon and 12pm is midnight, so the notifications and timing are screwed up. You start getting notifications to fill out your survey at 6:00 pm the night before the day you are supposed to fill it out, and if you wait until after noon the next day, you are filling it out for the day after. It's going to make for some confusing diary entries.
App crashing when I try to open.
Terrible, can't see previous submissions.
Constant crashes and help desk super unhelpful. Told me to load app on a different device.
It worked on Day 1, now everytime I open the app, it closes. Tried uninstalling then installed again, did the same thing. Very frustrating.
App notifications do not work and there are no settings that can be changed to fix this.
3yo hated it and screamed to turn it off.
Had 7 day free trial. Cancelled before the 7 days were up because my son just wasn't enjoying it (I was enjoying more than him). Still got billed £44.99 anyway. I thought the app was good but I'm not happy that I was billed for it even after cancelling.
Terrible. I have been charged even though i cancelled trial!!! Appalling
If you want someone to brainwash your kids go for it.
App constantly disconnects when casting to google home mini. Kind of makes peaceful bedtime stories not so peaceful when there are constant technical difficulties.
If you sign up for free trial, be careful because they will automatically sign you up for a year and pretty much impossible to get your money back. Its not clearly stated since so many have had the same issue. Thats one way for an app to make money 🙄
I used to like it, but with every update my playlist is deleted. How stupid is this?
First of all i would give tbis app 100 review if..... It was free i only have one story to listen it costs too much pls i really need this pls make it free
1 never worked i didt even fall asleep and 2 i didt even have to pay just go use the free ones 3 WHAT THE HECK DOES IT COSH DO MUCH SCAMMERS 4 what do yall think by making people spend over 30 dollars on some fake app just to hay hey blah blah blah blah 5 just stop the scamming Ps:im a child jtlyk Just to let you know
Sucks
😡
I love the content but none if the subscription based content will stream 
through an Amazon Echo device. Only free content will.
it is annyoing
Didn't work for my 2 or 4 year old at all. 4 year old took an hour and a half the 2 year old over 2 hours, glad it was a free trial
Everything is good but for more we have to pay at 6 or 7 stories sound and more should be free
I downloaded this app hoping that it would actually be free, but instead, it told me that i had to PAY in order for some bedtime stories. I could go on youtube, go to the library, etc. And get stories for FREE. I wouldn't waste my money on such a terrible app.
What a joke , expect you to pay $69.99 a YEAR, for something that you don't even know what its all about nor if its going to help any. They give you 1 free story and 1 free song ... not enough to know and the free story is STUPID ! deleting the app within 20 minutes of downloading it.... DONT DO IT
Almost Everything is paid 😂😅
Sorry but if you have a internet radio there is lullaby music on there and doesnt cost £30! Or youtube which is free and soes exactly what this does?? Rip off
My 3 and a half year old found it very boring. I uninstalled it within 30 mins of downloading it
I subscribed for free trial and then deleted the subscription, then after some time I downloaded it again because I totally forgot that I was once subscribed and it didn't help. So I pressed the button Try 7 DAYS FREE TRIAL and WAS charged right away. I mean I shouldn't see that free subscription button every time I download the app, because if I see it I subscribe for free and you have no right to charge me. This is A TRICK or A TRAP. And I see I am not the only one that got tricked.
I love this app, but I'm giving it 1 star because the only option is yearly and it's $80 for a year?! Like that seems way to over the top for a kids bed time story app. I get you need make money to keep making new content. But I think instead you should make it that you can buy them as a single for like $2, once you buy them you own them. That way you have a choice on what you want to have and bringing out new content will make you more sales. Otherwise being the yearly price down to $20 a year.
Forces you to subscribe. Won't let you try until you provide credit card information. Unacceptable
Its not a useful app for newborn, I accidentally subscribed and then asked them to cancel it, however, Google play team and the Moshi T team refused to look into it as more than 6 weeks was passed since subscription....
My mom is getting mader and mader every time I get an app with a free trial because it charges her money I say you get rid of it 😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
Greeting, I installed one of your app (moshi Twilight) And it told me to subscribe but I pressed off and now it took $60 from my bank account. Please fix this problem, I would like my mobey back. -Rania
Sucks
Sucks. Kept me wide awake just trying to find sleep music where credit card wasn't needed.
App would not even open for more than 2 seconds. Waste of time.
Opposite effect on my 2.5 and 19 month old. My girls become very hyper and wound up when I use one of the free selections. Definitely not paying for the full app.
I did not make me sleep so how would it help a five year old btw I'm twelve
Took unauthorised payment even though I requested cancellation of free trial.
IT DOESN'T WORK😡
DO NOT DO FREE TRIAL UNLESS YOU WANT TO BUY. I did free trial and cancelled few days later but cancellation date is showing as next year and took £30 from my account!! Transaction even shows as free trial next to the £30 it took !?!?!
after the trail a year long subscription went on and I cant cancel!!!
Terrible. Please others be careful. Downloaded to see if it would help my 3yo as it was a 1 month free trial. He didn't like it. So I forgot about the app. A week later I had a message saying that they'd taken 29.99 for my subscription. I did not knowingly sign up for this nor was I asked if I wanted ther service. Very angry. Would give 0 stars if I could.
well, that was a nightmare in our house. our son loved the stories so much that he came out crying when the stories were over. He never cries! I'm glad i didn't have to buy it first. I didn't want him to be entertained. I wanted him to sleep!
The stories were not what I thought they would be. They were repetitive. They were scary to my grandson I needed a refund but had difficulty getting anyone to respond! poor customer service;
I downloaded tbe app and before the 7 day trial was up i was charged $44. It was liks 5 days in when i was charged tryed emailing them severl time with no response.
I have been trying to cancle the trial for six days now, my daughter was unimpressed and so it's not needed. Everytime I try to manage subscription it takes me to Google play with doesn't let me do anything but see other apps I could download for subscriptions. I've now been charged 40 dollars for something I didn't want!
I was a day late cancelling the free trial since it didn't work any better than music I was already using and won't get my $40 back. Should have some kind of grace period for cancelling since it's a year long subscription and I doubt I will use it now I have just wasted $40.
Do not go for the free trial. I did this and we did not like the other stories so we canceled before the free trial was up. Well they went ahead and charged my account 39.99. So now we will be fighting this.
Cancelled and got billed. My son hated it.
This app was OK with a few sleep stories for my daughter. I paid £24.99 for a yearly subscription which I found quite high. I mean I pay £11.99 for Netflix 4 user and 4K. I pay £6.99 for Disney plus. Which are used everyday. Now the App wants to charge £44 for a yearly subscription. I don't think soo waayyy too over price. I would have paid the £24 as my daughter like the stories at night but I'm not paying £44 to put my child to sleep. Sorry you last a customer here.
weird and creepy, my 3 year old asked me to turn it off
Not a free app!!! Free TRAP is more like it! Well, ya didn't catch me!
We cancelled the trial and there trying to take money out of my account and now I'm over drawn I've sent emails and no reply I cant put any money in my account as the my will take please do not subscribe, I am taking legal advise asap
No pay monthly option, or option to pay to download a story and price went WAY up. $50/yr. I'll stick to playing songs off YouTube or find another app.
Without free vision how come you trying to charge 44.95 straight away with subscriptions. Deleting it after this review.
The moment i open the app it want payment. So wont be paying to try this. In response truly developers comment the moment I get in the app. And click on free trial it immediately try to charge my Google account. And no other option exist to bypass this.
I don't like this app because I was so excited to try this then it said I'd have to pay and make a login this app is a 0 star for me
As others have noted, the trial sign up leads you to believe it will be a monthly subscription after the trial ends, when in fact it's an annual subscription, which of course would take an act of God to  reverse. They say the subscription language is clear, but CLEARLY it is not.   It's actually a decent app, and one that I may have kept longer than a year on a monthly basis for my kids, but after contacting  the developer within minutes of seeing the credit card charge, they just pass the buck to Google's refund policies which are impossible to navigate let alone get the outcome you desire. Enjoy your shortsighted win, Moshi.
I have been charged for a 7 day trial period! I cancelled before the trial period was over and have a email to confirm this! How do I get my money back???
Won't load, red spinning circle, doesnt play when locked
it's really too quiet that my children couldnt even hear the sounds
You may as well have made it a paid app when there's only on free story.
I just downloaded this app last night and signed up for the 7 day trial and was charged $39.99 this morning. What happened to my free trial. I want a refund.
awful and pointless
My kids were horrified by some of the stories!! There was one about a princess... And then it told my kids they murdered the princess like they are gonna murder them!!! Absolutely horrible!! Do not download this!!!! I warn you!!! Please stay away from this app it's only safe!!!
Nice paywall guys!
My kid just stares at the screen and doesn't fall asleep then he gets bored and wants to see something else. Honestly a water of money.
VERY UPSET My daughter downloaded this app on her phone I didn't know she was purchasing anything til I was charged 48.70 on the 8th of December I requested my refund instantly when I reached out to you guys I was told that the subscription had been cancelled I've talked to google and PayPal and they both keep telling me that you guys have to issue my refund when I received an email back from your company I replied and ever since I haven't heard anything back from your company I NEED MY REFUND
What the hell... I just updated the app and it is now all locked again after the fact I've already paid the subscribion!
So expensive! Don't even want to get the non-free version. Only a few stories are free and they don't really relax mine so no sense paying money for it.
Doesn't work on my kids and billed me for a year subscription that I can't get back. Really overly sweet stories, not great writing. Not good for any kid over 2 I'd say
This app is a scam and I wish I would have read the reviews before downloading it. Preying on sleep deprived parents, telling them to read the fine print about the 7 day trial. I don't recall clicking anything giving my consent for the trial. I downloaded and only tried the Free stories because I didn't want to be charged anything before seeing if it helped my 8 month old fall asleep. Which it didn't.  $39.99 for absolutely nothing.
Worked so well, my bank card was charged before the FREE TRIAL ended. Went to cancel the yearly subscription while still in the FREE TRIAL and it's already set to end a year from now. Robbed blind for $39.99. Awesome 👍 Would have gotten it at some point but these guys are apparently crooks that know how to put everyone to sleep.
This app is so misleading. There is no mention anywhere that it's a paid app, and $59/year for a subscription at that!!! (I read through a few comments and other people are mentiomimg $40? Maybe there was a sale?) You need to amend your description to advise there's a 7 day free trial and after that you need to pay. I uninstalled the app immediately.
Not worth the hassle. This was neither engaging or relaxing for our family. It didn't help bedtimes. To add to the frustrations, I was charged for a years worth when "free trial" passed. I got the brush off when I explained the situation. Wholly unimpressed by the product or the company.
Pay money for THIS?!
Waste I didn't like it and always showing 7day free trial it's not at all good😔😔😔
i need a refund my friend child download this app and i didnt know anything about it now it yook 39.99 off my debt card and i need it put back asap bc that was took out my car payment.
How is it ok to "edit" someone's review!? If you edit it, it is no longer their review is yours.🤦‍♀️
The music and sounds are great! However, I was charged full price before my free trial was up. You also don't get a 2 day reminder like they say. But I always keep track of these types of things and I caught it because I had canceled.
Please be careful with the terms of this trial. I still got charged even when I canceled well before the 'trial' ended, and had to chase up the refund with the app store myself. I think the product itself is fine, just very misleading marketing of their trial terms. I got the refund, just wanted to warn others. If keen to try, go through their website as you'll deal with them directly. All that said, their service team was very prompt in their responses, and that is appreciated.
I signed up for your app and I knew I would be charged the yearly subscription of 33.99. Which is not a problem. The problem is you charged me twice for it. So I'm expecting a refund for one of them
Cancelled subscription before free trial end date. Charged me £29.99 five days after I cancelled. Refused refund. Thieves! Do not download this app.
only payment is yearly
I just got charged $65 with no return and one email and now I can't buy food for my daughter. 7 days is not enough trial time...give me my money back. It's sad because we wanted to give it a shot, and I would happily pay for a month to try it out a little longer. But a 7 day trial followed by a year subscription seems a bit much. I still don't even know if this helps my daughter fall asleep, so far it isn't any better than the free music we get on Pandora and YouTube.
Did not work. Not what I expected. Was hoping it was more like a book with 
pages instead of some girl/guy talking.
Was great, my kid loved it! Now it keeps crashing and will not play through.
Charged my account without my permission
Great app but they have just charged me for the second year even though I have cancelled the subscription. £30 is a lot to lose. My daughter loved this app but hasn't used it in a few months which is why I cancelled. I want my money back then I will give 5 stars again.
Can't login anymore. Saying 3 devices are logged in, but none of our phones are logged in anymore. We're completely logged out and can't access the service we paid for.
i dont like it i dont want it nomore
This is so hard to find... forget it!!
****CAREFUL, UNWANTED CHARGES. This app charged me a $40 fee that I didn't agree to and wont refund me. Do not download the app!!
Should not have to pay that much
You should be able to review it for week before you put in any information. Then if it works they put in their information to keep.
Deceptive and dishonest business practices. The APP sneakily hits you with a pop up screen that doesn't have an obvious way out of that is trying to get you to sign up for their free trial. My wife managed to accidentally sign up for the free trial with required auto-billed paid membership. Once we saw the charge hit our account we immediately contacted Moshi support. They directed us to Google Play Store support. They couldn't help and I contacted Moshi support again and they refused to help.
I downloaded free trial and i was charged! I didn't sign up or login didn't even use the app other then one song which didn't help at all neither did the free trial which cost me £29.99 really not happy with how it's false advertising 'FREE TRIAL' not even been refunded the money which is for my babys essentials!!! Disgusting!
I dislike this app literally I have like only 3 sleep. story's why? do you have to pay for the locked sleep storys... is it like it will change your life? no it's just a really bad app for me the this app sssssssuuuuuuuccccccckkkkkkkssssss!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
app just keeps crashing and wont even open. deleted and cancelled subscription. which sucks because my kids love moshi monsters..
Not subscribing with my payment details just for a "trial", so you can hope I forget and get $60 out of me
Nothing you cant get for free on youtube. Subscription fee is more than Netflix and Amazon combined. Absolute joke.
you can get free stuff from youtube. families dont have cash laying around to listen to a stranger read a night time story to their kids. especially one income family. its a lot for an App.
My grandson did not like as thete was no movement with the characters, very disappointed, we do not like this app and would like a refund i also just list my job and can not afford this at this time. Please help us. Thank you. M Everett
If it worked, I'm sure it'd be great. I don't mean my kid doesn't like it, 
but it just won't play. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling and 
everything else. Maybe it just doesn't like my Samsung.
Downloaded to try with my 2yr old only to find out that it's free for 7 days only then requires a subscription. It would be nice if this information was upfront.
Was intrigued by big names involved with this so installed this to have a look at it, once installed I was 'locked' into a screen where the only way to proceed was click the sign up for 'free' trial button (and automatic billing)... Rebooted phone and instant uninstall, behaviour like that earns you a negative review!
Great that you can now have more than one playlist. Not so great that when upgrading you didn't think to import the existing playlist. My 5 year old isn't happy that the playlist he took ages putting together is now gone. With the subscription fee, you should be able to pay someone to do QA & UX. Edit after dev reply - sorry but that's just nonsense you could have easily migrated the data. It was a basic list, you simply couldn't be bothered or have devs with little skill.
Super expensive for content you can find elsewhere free. Makes me think the 5 star reviews are sponsored.
You've charged me immediately and I don't remember taking a trial before. If I have used a trial before it should of given me the option to continue or decline. Parents download lots of apps for their kids so easy to forget what's been trialled. Worst £29.99 ever spent as it does not work so I won't be using it over the next 364 days, thanks! Update - I agree people can't just use free trials over and over, my argument is that you should prompt me if I've already used one before charging!
Didn't even slightly help, my son could just be determined though. 
Subscription is pretty expensive too.
Rubbish. Requires credit card entry before you can do anything. Uninstalled immediately.
Takes CC info right away, it should let you test the app for 7 days if you like it then enter the CC information if you choose to purchase the application. I would have used it but for the simple fact alone they dont let you test the app for truly free till you let them keep collateral I wont use it.
"in app purchase"! is $79.99 per year, in a single transaction in order to use the app. That's not a purchase, it's a yearly subscription of $79.99
Missed cancellation ended up paying 30£
I really wish I didn't forget to cancel the subscription. I paid money for an app that is not effective as it says it is. $40 ugh. Anyway I can get a refund, I assure u I won't use the app again, you guys can keep it.
Worest app I ever seen frds don't download u will loss 50mb
I'm not going to pay for some music that wont even work. Y'all just want to make money out of anything.
Absolutely LOOOOOVED Moshi........when I didnt have to pay $20 for a subscription. Meaning, when you could do everything on this app.....but for free? Ah, nastalgic for the good old days.
60 bucks a year for something that is available free thru YouTube? I think not
Too boring... my son didn't like it. Maybe if the picture changed at least, but nope :(
They have taken payment evn though I cancelled on the 7th day. Please refund me as I dont want to continue.
it did not put my sister to sleep she is 5 do YOU NO HOW HARD IT IS
my little girl only likes one story. Mr snoodles twilight train. all of a sudden i have to pay 24 a month to listen to it when it used to be a free story. not worth it for one story that used to be a free one. will be uninstalling
No !it's bad
Gives you only two stories and u gotta pay monthly fees to get the others
This is a pathetic app. I cancelled it (did not uninstall the app, but actually cancelled as they instructed) on May 3rd when the actual free trial was supposed to end on May 8, and I even have an email confirming on may 3 that the subscription has been cancelled. After that I never logged on to this app. Not until I checked my credit card statement yesterday did I realize that these people have charged me for the full year. How absolutely atrocious! Do NOT USE!
The app doesn't stay connected to bluetooth speaker and disconnects after every song. my baby loves the stories but it disconnects multiple times during the stories.
Dont like this app!! You have to pay for everything!! Kids cost enough these days, why cant it be free then??
I didn't agree to payments I couldn't even set up free trail or work the app. Now iv been charged £29.98 in total for something I wasn't awear of. Iv cancelled the app but now this morning I'm short money for my kids
They took the money before the 7 day trial was up and then they don't reply to my email when I request a refund. I'm very disappointed and want a response!
Incorrect. I cancelled my trial . After seeing a $60 transaction from my account without my consent or authorization I wanted to investigate how this charge occurred. To my surprise I was unable to get into account in your app (as I had the subscription cancelled before trial period ended) even after being charged. I tried logging in without success. Thought surely I will be able to access account now right? I didn't know I had created another account nor should I have to if I was charged
Says free to download and use, but wants to charge me 40 bucks a year? I cant even use it if I dont give credit card info...
I cant UNINSTALL
I have deleted this a few months back and they still charged me £29.99 for subscription terrible app waste of money, i would my money back please as i didnt have any notification, that you were going to charge me
Asked for free bedtime stories n have to subscribe for charge misleading it not free n free books very dull n boring rather use YouTube
WAAAYYY to expensive otherwise I would purchase
Nothing would play on WiFi or 4g connection .
I just downloaded this and then saw people complaining about the price and immediately uninstalled. Really hoping I don't see a $59.99 charge on my card in the next few days. 😳
Paid for the full version bc it does have some pretty good material. we use it on our echo dot with Alexa, the full version isn't compatible with the echo dot so I can only listen to two demo stories. Reached out the same day that my payment went through for a refund since we won't be using the service and no one is responding to me.
its not really thay good for little kids. i deleted it. the first trial day. so i hope im not get charged 40$ now
absaloutly abysmal. billed 29.99 today and had no idea that this was a subscription service. clearly said free for limited service. but still has charged me. I did not authorise that payment and do not condone the way in which they do not clearly set put prices on app description. very deceptive
Can i please get a refund. I havent used the app in over a year and somehow it took a years payment when i had unsubscribed.
Expensive as hell just to make an account. Screw that.
Not free!
for one, this was purchased w.o my permission and a refund was refused. 2nd there arent any lullabies or music, my daughter hates this app and i cant even get my money back for an unpurchased app. now im stuck w an app neither of us want but paid for it w.o wanting to.
Its a scam. I downloaded to try just the free ones. I didn't sign up as i thought i would decide after trying but I did not know that I would be charged $62 without any notification. This is ridiculous how can i be charged if i didn't sign up for this.
Ok,i SHOULD NOT HAVE TO PAY FOR SILLY SLEEP STORIES, THIS IS THE ONLY GOOD BEDTIME STORY APP FOR KIDS AND OF COURSE YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR IT
Unable to cancel my subscription my 5 year old niece downloaded and I wasnt even aware until I saw the charge.
U have to pay after 7day 🤦‍♀️ Not happy
I signed up for a free trial and after a few days I realized my kids had no interest. I cancelled the free trial... but unfortunately was still charged for the full subscription. I reached out to moshi company and was told to contact Google play... they didn't seem to care of this charge and I can't get in contact with Google play.
This app isn't good.It has nothing for free you have to pay for it, there's like three stories that you can listen for free to . It's all premium . And there's ads for premium like every five seconds. Also it's super hard to look at because everything is so mixed up and it is super annoying. Please fix THIS! I don't recommend this app for ANYBODY.
So expensive
It doesn't work for me, slow and are no clear instructions. I did not completed any payment details ...found no clear unsubscribe option and i uninstalled before the end of free trial...now they try to get the yearly subscription charge from my google play account...why not a monthly fee???...to give time to action.
Tried canceling through email, the app etc. And couldn't then I get charged $40 for an app that isn't worth it. I want my money back and my account canceled! You all are thieves for giving people the run around.
got charged for a year when I was lead to believe I was getting a free month trial, is there any way to get my money back please?
I cancelled my membership and I'm still being charged. This is a rip off.
Plenty of free apps with better content. Not worth the price at all.
Does not work as described lol
Looked at this app the other night, deleted it and now it's charged me £30 for a years subscription, please advise how this can be rectified
Cant get the sample without adding my card, I want to hear what I am buying before I commit.
Not many free items. The app isn't worth it to buy. Should be totally free.
This app has lot of bugs. When you try to use free trial n login it takes a long time. When you log in still it doesnt open up any songs and asks to subscribe. You are not able to login on multiple device as I tried using on other phone. Its totally waste of time installing app. I couldnt use free version due to technical issues in app.
I don't want to pay for service, deleted bassoon as opening.
Terrible pricing model
this does not help me sleep
honestly I found the stories alittle creepy they way the people talk and the sounds just kind of creep
The subscription is far to expensive now and there's no monthly option. Such a shame as I absolutely loved this app when we first discovered it a few years back. It sent my little ones to sleep so quickly and was such a relief! I even subscribed to it to unlock the other sleep stories and my little ones really enjoyed being able to choose one each night. I just wish there was a monthly option or it was cheaper for the year as it is a lot of money to pay in one go, even when reduced to £32.99.
as I expected too much locked and needs money
sorry but i think it should be a 1 time payment. being poor, and having a sleepy baby I just can't afford a 40.00 yearly subscription for music and stories. thanks for the app, but lawd.
Not a free app. It is $39.99 for a year.
the free title is such a lie. well over 99% of the content is hidden behind a paywall so it's just completely useless why not just make the app cost something to begin with instead of this. you you have literally two stories and that it. I'll stick with content on YouTube.
The app keeps crashing, I haven't been able to listen to it since the upgrade
At first it was cute and seemed like something that might be helpful with my toddler, it did help some but we found it wasnt something we'd use on a regular basis . I decided to keep the subscription as I thought it was only a few dollars each month, however I was shocked and livid when I saw the 59.99 charge on my card a few days later. After requesting a refund though I keep getting the run around. I would not reccomend this app to anyone!
Charged my account even after trying to unsubscribe before the end of the trial.
Deal disappeared. I went to check my PayPal and when I went back into moshi to get the deal it was gone. Guess I'm not purchasing after all...
Great app bought it for the year. Was excited to renew until I saw they upped price to 60 dollars a year. That is to much to pay yearly let alone out of pocket right now thanks to there being little job security. I just can't justify that for a music app. Then I went on my sons fire tablet and noticed it says the normal 7 days free then 35 a year which is what I expected to pay. I loved it but will not pay 60 instead of what I paid last year of 35 to be a "returning" customer.
The offer states a free 7 day trial. So we signed up to try it FREE for 7 days. Instead we get charged the entire yearly subscription price. Edit: don't assume I didn't read the terms. I did nothing that would cause you to charge my account for the year instead of the 7 day free trial. I have never tried the trial before so there is no excuse why you charged me. If my account wasn't eligible for whatever reason, I should not have been given the offer. We are filing with our bank.
I decided to read to my child instead and then forgot that my free trial was over and now I have been charged for the year! they do not give you a reminder about your trial subscription coming to an end. so, surprise! if you dont remember, then that's your problem I guess, kinda sneak attack because I forgot that I even had it. I have not used it so I cannot relay as to weather or not it works.
Really upset with this app/company. I signed up for a free trial, my daughter did not like it so we only listened once and gave up on it. I now notice that we've been changed $59.99 which is a lot of money. I know what they've done is legal and I should have been more careful, but this type of marketing is sneaky when there is no communication with the buyer to actually confirm that they are willing to commit at the trial end, not an assumption that if the company hears nothing then it's a deal.
Bring back Moshi monsters! It would be the same to make but just not on flash player
Negative.
My son hates this app. The music and voice creeps him right out. Cant even listen to 2 mins of it before he is crying asking me to stop it for him.
Tried the app for my kid. The app looks nice and all but customer service is lacking. They charged the credit card without even letting you know the trial version is over. The subscription still show as trial version but there is a 45$ charge. They would not cooperate to fix this issue. They are charging an annual fee instead of monthly which is odd. I would suggest going to another app, this is one is clearly fraudulent.
Just a giant advertisement for there moshi stuff and half the media locked behind a pay wall. Not good to leave kids with phone unless locked payments.
The idea of this app is amazing! The only problem is my kids were xreeped out by the narrator's voice. They said it was creepy......thus rendering the app useless to us. My suggestion is to make it so there is more than one choice of narrator for the stories, so if the kids dont like one there is another option.
Most of the suff is not free and they expect you to pay $50 just to hear stories and music
I'm quite disappointed. This is definitely NOT the "miracle cure" for sleepless toddler's that most were saying in their reviews... It actually took LONGER to get my kid to bed every time I used it. The stories are all creative and paint fabulous mental pictures, but they just didn't help my little one settle down AT ALL. 👎
I paid for the year subscription and there was an error with my email as I was setting up a new account and it NEVER allowed me to use it!! I emailed costumer service for help and no one could ever fix my issue!!😦 so I paid 39 for NOTHING!!!!!
....there is only one free story?
I canceled my free trial and it still charged me the fee and when I emailed I got no response! This did not help my kids sleep. Very upset with this experience.
BE CAREFUL! SNEAKILY CHARGES FOR A YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION.
$75 a year!!!! No chance, as soon as I saw that I uninstalled!!! What a joke!!!
Cancelled app before trial finished and still got charged. I unsubscribed via the app but that wasn't enough. apparently I had to unsubscribe through Google Pay. You could of made that clear when I signed up for trial. Would of been ok if the app worked on my kids but it didn't. Don't tell me to email you the the details because I did and your response just made me angry.
Apps that update and then reset the users notification settings to the default on option (such as Moshi Twilight), drive me bonkers. 99% of the time I end up uninstalling the app.
I had a 7 day free trial but cancelled it well before the week was up and got charged anyways. I got the matter resolved and received my full refund but it wasn't easy. I didn't like it much because I can get bedtime music for free elsewhere and my daughter didn't like the stories much.
Not paying $60 a year for free YouTube stories.
I want to unsubscribe after the free trial. It is not letting me and I would like a refund. Was not happy with the free trial
Horrible casting experience. Drops constantly, will randomly blast the audio through my phone. If you are planning to cast audio look for a different app. Audio in the stories are not balanced. You cannot start a story and then browse for more. Kids don't seem to like this over the free podcasts we had been using. Huge disappointment.
Says you can use some content free but every time you click on something you are redirected to a subscription page.
Took 45 pound out my bank when I didnt make the purchase. Waiting on response says 15 minutes refund still waiting. Took my kids money. It wasn't me that made this purchase yet that seems to not be good enough of a reason what a joke .
You guys make it so difficult to cancel a subscription. Nowhere on the app there is an option. Then you say go to the website in your FAQs and on the site under subscription there is no button to click to cancel. I sent an email. Basically, you want the user to eventually give up cancelling. Not happy. Not impressed. Tell me how and where I I cancel this subscription?
Parents be aware when children use this as my daughter did and I had a unexpected 29.99 charge with no refund
I need my money put back in my bank account ASAP. I never purchased or had a contract with them and they took my out my account without my permission. no phone number or whatsoever and the email they send doesn't do anything for you.
This app was our favorite but ever since the recent update it constantly crashes a few minutes into the story making it unusable.
Awful. downloaded the free app knowing the subscription would kick in after 7 days. showed the annual subscription and what it worked out at per month but took the full annual subscription. disgraceful. no app ive subscribed to has taken a full years subscription. the app wasnt really working for us but i was willing to give it a go for the month but wont be going near it or suggesting it to friends after that. only gave it one star because none wasnt an option
Update : outraged that without warning, sleepy paws has been locked away behind the pay wall. This sweet little free story has been the cornerstone of an excellent night's sleep for my one year old, but following an update, which did not warn us parents of this, bedtime routine was unexpectedly and unjustifiably ruined.
it was pretty good but started to creep me out from those stories so I went back to watching tv for an hour then sleeping my name is actually Payton why is half of the things LOCKED I want to sleep without clean to get MONEY
Disappointed. This app was amazing until the last reboot and now it crashes all the time. Shame when you pay £30+ 🙄
There are so many promts to buy on the free version you can't even test it out with your toddler to see if it works. The screen on the story was interrupted or blacked out every 15 seconds causing my toddler to cry and have the opposite effect the app is intended for. Complete fail.
I would give this site a 0. My son downloaded by mistake then took 25 quid out of my account. Complete and utter waste of space refused to give back
You only get one free 30 min story if you dont sign up for the 7 day trail. Thats so stupid
Cancelled my subscription and never got my money back
The voices sounded creepy
Didn't find that it worked at all
why only have 3 stories free.
This didn't help me at all. It didn't help my baby sleep either. I only downloaded the free app because I thought it would help my son sleep as being quarantined has messed up his sleep pattern. I feel have wasted my money
my son loved sleepy paws would help to sleep now he's sad cause it's locked that's a shame on you I uninstalled
Can't seem to do anything in the app without signing up with a payment. Looking for a trial version.
Wayyyyy to expensive!!!!!!!!!! Not worth that price! Are they crazy!?!?!....
looks cute but only offers 2 free sounds 24.99 yearly to expensive should be free deleting after this
It wouldn't download. $30 down the drain and a very disappointed little girl. 😢 Buyer beware.
This is DAY 2 of the FREE TRIAL, Iam a bit weary about continuing a few days more after reading the terrible experiences other have had with being charged WITHIN the 7 day period or NOT WITHIN a 24 hr period by the 7th day. WONDERING if I should just cancel now since have read so many reviews on it being EXTREMELY DIFFICULT to get a refund and with this pandemic going on and not having income at the moment, this is truly the last thing I need. TO BE HASSLING ABOUT INCORRECTLY BEING CHARGED.
Nice idea, but doesn't work for my two. If anything the kids are more awake after stories and music than they were before.
this is a horrible app. my trail is up tonight and they already charged me. when I finally figured out how to cancel I am not locked in.
The day after subscribing i was hit with a $59.99 without even getting to try the app first like advertised. No thanks.
Nothing can be seen in the relax or sleep section !!!!
BUYER BEWARE the app didn't calm my child at all DO NOT DOWNLOAD THE" FREE " TRIAL UNLESS U WANT TO BE CHARGED THE YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION FEE, even if CANCELLED & DONE CORRECTLY you will STILL BE CHARGED YEARLY FEE OF 90 DOLLARS and have to jump through hoops to get it back. With a shrug off and pass the blame from moshi i feel this is a move to keep unsuspecting peoples money, very dissapointed in this type of carry on from a children's app. Poor form Moshi!!
Didn't work for my lad, glad I didn't pay the money!
Absolute waste of money. $50 for a few stories. Never again.
This does not work to make kids sleepy
It takes a yearly payment subscription without asking after laying it out as though you are able to pay monthly and leave any time. You are then trapped into the contract. A monthly payment option should be available.
Parenting helps kids sleep faster...not a 70$ app
Ever since they've added that stupid intro the app doesn't launch right or it crashes. It's frustrating when you use this to put the kids to bed and some nights it's unusable.
Buyer beware. I went for the 7day trial. Cancelled on the last day and they took £29.99 from my account. Now won't refund me and told me to go to Google play but it isn't showing as a purchase on it. Take the 7day trial at your own risk.
my son loved it but since they locked sleepy paws he wont go to sleep. deleting now, no use for it. very disappointed
Its impossible to cancel anytime. I've sent multiple emails to cancel but I was told I just simply could choose not to renew after the year was up..well, here we are, one year later and I didn't even get that choice either. They charged me a few days ago without me even having the option to renew or not, $39.99..even after the multiple emails I sent complaining, asking for help, and demanding them to not renew. I didn't get a email asking me to renew, nor does moshi show up on my Google subsc
Paisa barbad
To buy the subscription to this is so easy a child could do it which is what happened to me and ofc no refunds
Is not free
Not happy. If I could give you no stars I would. I thought I would try this app for my kids. 7 day free trail I thought great. 35 a year I can deal with that. However after a day I get charged for the full subscription. So I've emailed and the reply back was they have no record of me as having an account with my email address and that the reason I was charged is that I've used up my 7 day free trial already. I signed up for the first time Thursday 18th June. Charged the next day. 7 day free?
So bad
Terrible company! Not helpful for sleeping and was charged for the app even though I don't want it. STILL trying to sort out how to cancel and receive my refund. Their email address doesn't even work. Such a scam!
Doesn't do much. I can read to my kid myself and he falls asleep faster. Sorry.. but... stop being lazy parents. Read to your kid. Stop depending on an app that does that same stuff you can..
They say you have a 7 day free trial and then $39 after that. They say you can cancel anytime before that to avoid the charge. I tried to cancel 2 days into my free trial and they said it would cancel after my first payment. That's a scam. I have screen shots of when I was signing up and their wording saying you wouldnt be charged and of when I cancelled saying I still would be. All I'm saying is I better not be charged. I cancelled well in advance.
You have to pay. Uninstalled as soon as I read that.
I don't like how this is constantly changing . Imagine autistic kids (and even autstic adults) having a meltdown because of a sudden change they were not warned about. Devlopers care more about money then then their "fans".
Way to expensive. I think ill just continue to read to my child instead of paying that amount its absolutely rediculos and way more than what the app is worth.
Only free part lasts 2mins 10 secs.Instant uninstall
i hate it it gose to slow
This is the same quality of bedtime meditation stories that I get on youtube for free (my daughter actually likes the ones on YouTube better) but it charges you at the end of the month. I knew there was a subscription available but they do not make it clear that just by signing up for the app you are automatically signing up for their prescription and they will charge your mobile bill for it. I cancelled as soon as I found out but they are still charging for that month. So not worth it
Its iffy. I wish i didnt have to pay 23.99 just for one song to play
We thought that it had pictures to go with the story
Bad game
Frustrating. Tried the app on my son and it did nothing but stimulate him. Then we turned it off because it was too distracting for him and it took us an extra 2 hours to get him to calm down and go to sleep. Not for everybody.
Signed up and tried to log in but it claimed the details were wrong several times so I tried to reset my password which just took me back to the homescreen with no ability to change my password. I emailed a week ago saying this was an issue and to cancel the subscription to be told they cannot do it thier end or offer a refund. Even though I have not even managed to use the app! Highly disappointed and disgusted at the level of customer service and will be reporting to the necessary authorities
Suddenly announced there was a newer version on my son's Samsung Tab A, and when I went to the app store, the page advised the device is not supported, and locked us out of the version we were using. Ideal, just before bedtime! I actually paid for this rubbish.
This app automatically took a payment for a subscription without my knowledge. I deleted the app straight after I downloaded it because it was not what I wanted and thought nothing of it. And now my bank is saying I have payed for a yearly subscription which I never wanted and trying to contact google is near impossible. I'm not happy at all with this as 24.99 is a lot of money to loose to me for something I will never use.
OK so I've looked alot and I can't see a monthly subscription? Not many people have £45 up front to pay for stuff like this 🤷‍♂️
PLEASE MAKE IT FREEEEEEEEE LOVED IT BUT COULDN'T CONTINUE PURCHASES
Just an app with sounds. It did not help my toddlers sleep better/faster. I did not intend to use the app for screen time, but I thought the sounds were going to be relaxing. Something to play in their room to help them relax. It is not at all relaxing. Just people reading with deep voices. Another thing, they give you one week free trial. That means after the week they charge $60 and you will be out of google 48 hours refund policy. Total waste of money, so keep that in mind before you sign up
it took money out wen i I didn't anything
At first it was good, when I paid for a subscription, it went down hill. The stories always cuts off after a minute or two. It's a shame because my kids loves to listen to the stories they have here.. I wish someone can please help with this issue
OMG DO NOT TRAUMATISE YOUR CHILDREN it freaked both us parents out as well as our kids, we all lasted 5 seconds on all the available music, stories etc the voices sound like creeps who will hunt us down or kidnap our children. Thanks for giving our kids nightmares tonight.
This is the worst. It looked cute for my son, then they charged me $35!?! I dont want the subscription, I never agreed to buy a year. And who would pay that for some bedtime stories?!
Deleted once I saw I it wasn't actually free, liars
It didnt intall
Have tried to cancel my subscription all day long and have not been able to and you've taken the last of my Money and overdrawn my account I'm not happy I want a refund and my subscription cancled !!
I'm not paying for it
Nda siuk. Sa ngatkn lagu. Ni bunyi2 ja ba. Mcm bunyi sup ,, berlian n bnyk lgi .
I would like to subscribe to this app, but the price varies so wildly between the app on Android, and the app purchased thru the website. I would like to take advantage of the discounted yearly price I keep seeing advertised and use my Google play credit to pay for it. But, there is no discount available thru the app and in fact both the website and the app on my kids Kindle state the yearly price is 34.99, but the google app on my phone says it's 39.99 for a year. Fix your pricing please.
My kids loved this!!! Only for you to go and disable the app for their device. Two very upset daughters and the youngest hasn't settled since. Why would you do this?? Nearly 2yrs they have used this app, and now, can't get it... disgraceful. (This is also the second review I have had to write since first one didn't show)
It never loads i go into it and it only ever does the loading sign and the 
price is wayy to high
Not working since update
The app falls asleep after 1 minute. Tried on 2 phones and this app only runs for 1 minute and then goes off. No settings at all. Bit pointless. Not cheap to buy if it's not working as expected. Sorry.
Automatically charged me for subscription after the free trial... I was indifferent to the app, it didn't help my daughter go to sleep any better than the music I was previously using. $40 is crazy for this subscription, and I'm extremely unhappy it was charged to my account. I'm going to see who I can contact to get my money back, as I do not use the app.
I haet it
Can only pay for a yearly subscription. I'd like to try out this app, maybe on a monthly subscription? Can't even try the free trial without signing up to the yearly £45 subs. Yes...I know you can cancel it, but if you forget then £45 is a lot to be taken.
Signed up for the free 7 day trial and got hit for the $39.99 yearly fee immediately. So much for my trial run. My daughter will only listen to Sleepypaws. There is absolutely no need for me to have the whole app, not to mention, I can't afford it. I bet they tell me there's no refunds, even though they took my money today, not after the end of my "free" trial, which I signed up for today...
I actually give this app half a star. You cant listen to anything without a subscription. It says try for free for 7 days, but it needs a credit card which is lame.
Brilliant app and worked wonders for my daughter. However I cancelled the subscription as paying £25 in one go is far too much! I would have paid the £2 a month no problem.
I signed up for the free trial, verified email, e.t.c but everything is still locked. Went to FAQ, it says to click "restore subscription." When I tried that, I get a message "can't restore purchase. Subscription was not found." But I know im subscribed because if I try to do it again, I get "error you have already subscribed" plus it's in my active subscriptions. I've tried logging it, reverifying email, even removing device. Everything is still locked.
This app is stupid they only give you like 3-4 things to choose from and then you have to pay for the rest sorry but not sorry i can read my kids thw books that i have at home and make them fall asleep before this app will ever make my kids fall asleep
I dont want to pay 45 dollars for this app. Got charged and canceled. It's a shame that I only used it 2x before being charged for it. What a rip off
I did not want the subscription and it charged me 39.99/annual. It was automatically set up as a subscription even in the free trial and then charged my card at the end of the week without confirmation. Is there a way to cancel it and get my money back? I don't think it is worth this much a year.
This app sucks it doesnt help my child sleep
The play list is locked all except a couple. Pointless. Not paying for something I can get free on YouTube!
You have to pay for it? Why not have a couple that are free & have the celebrity ones as in app purchases.
not clear you have to pay
I started to fill in the info for a free trail and then changed my mind. I never entered a user ID or password. Didn't give any financial info. Didn't agree to any terms. Didn't get that far in the process. Somehow, I got charged a week later. I contacted the company to explain there must have been a glitch and was told there are no refund. I asked for my user ID and they had no record of me on file but still refused a refund. My credit card company flagged them as fraud and gave the funds back.
Shame it's not free. Im not paying nearly £30 a year!
Doesn't work at all on my daughter, more awake now than before with lots of questions about the story...
Why did you change the free story???? I will not pay for moshi the guy who tells the stories is creepy and sounds creepy. its scares my children. They listened to the Moshi Twight every night and now cant.... Very Disappointed
boring for kids. they prefer to watch.
I was about to download this app but when I saw it was an anual subscrption, I changed my mind. There are lots of great Podcasts oit there for free like Bedtime Exploree, Wow In the World and Ahway Island.
Doesn't work, no one falls asleep. An hour later and hours past bedtime, everyone is still awake
My kids love it. But I hate the fact that even though my husband paid for this app with the understanding we could use it on several devices, it will not connect to the account on my phone. No matter how many times we try to log in using his account log in, it will not unlock the purchased content. Frustrated we spent $40 on an app that we can't even use fully.
you took away the monthly subscription option why?? I was gonna subscribe to the monthly option after months of using the free stories and thinking about it but now you can forget about it because I refuse to comment to a yearly option
Got charged for a free trial.
cute idea and could possibly work but the description says it's free and only some parts you need the description for. But really you need the subscription if you want to use it. There's only 2 that are free without it. And it's def not worth what they are charging for a subscription
I have had this app for quite some time. I signed up for the year membership about 5 months ago. Well last night we went to play it as per our 4 year olds normal bedtime routine and it said it needed an update. When I went to the app store to update it stated the app is no longer compatible with the device. It is a regular Samsung tablet and we have never had issues until now. This is super inconvenient because it is the only way we can play the app for our daughter and we pre paid for the year.
Very angry they took 4 payments out of my bank account for no reason. 😡😡😡 NOT WORTH THE HASLE!!!!
Not paying $44.99 a year the description says in app purchases start at $1.49 yet only one option $44.99 rip off
This app is a joke
So glad I wasn't fooled into the "free trial." We opted for the 'free' story and my daughter looked back at me at the end and said, "Was that supposed to make me tired?" Uninstalling. Even your free options weren't enough to entice us.
I am so tired of these "free" apps. Free for 7 days then $40/year... umm no... 🙄
Doesn't tell you that it costs money until you download the app. I really hate that.
Doesnt work unless you subscribe and pay. Boo!
Used to be able to listen to a couple for free but now you cant even browse. The first thing and only think i see when opening the app now is pay or go away
Downloaded this app to try for my toddler. I was only offered the options to "log in" or "sign up for a free 7 day trial". I chose the trial. My card was instantly charged an annual subscription fee of over $60 via Google (I did not input any card information directly to the app). This app blatantly lied about offering a 7 day trial and placed an unauthorized charge on my card. Absolutely ridiculous.
My daughter is 5 and did not like the free trial we did at all and found it too creepy. I also didn't enjoy the Moshi story and how creepy the background was. Uninstalled and not continuing the free trial.
went to renew my monthly subscription only to find it's now annual. please convert back so people can opt into only pay for what they use.
Wants money to workat all
Couldn't get it to work so left it alone. Then have been charged for subscription £24.99 and cant get my money back because it's not listed in my app list for a refund. I have emailed the app twice to be told to go through google play. No record on google play that I downloaded it.
thought it was lullabies.
Downloaded for my sons but they didn't like it so deleted only for them to take money from my bank which they refuse to refund and have no access to the paid content as I never signed up for it! Emailed them and got told basically tough luck so I've paid £24.99 that I can't get back and have nothing for it, they also deleted my previous review!
It's free to download the app so you can use it for 7 days. Then you've got to pay £37pa. I won't waste time to create an account if you're not prepare to spend that kind of money
I cancelled my trial 2 days before it ended and was still charged for a year subscription today. I went into my subscriptions here on Google play, and there's none active for this app. I need a refund!
Nope not for my kid, bored her
Horrible just horrible
I have not been able to use the app at all on my kids device. Its a total waste if I have to give them my phone. The app never let's you login, with no reason why. I have wasted money on the app since Oct 19 all the time I have contacted customer services all they give is my own wifi excuses. Have followed everything and still nothing works
Maizee does not like the changes Moshlings because it has why did you have to change Moshlings please change it back to normal
I was interested in this app but after seeing that you only have a 7 day free trial before you have to pay an outrageous amount for the subscription fee. The price is unreasonable and once I saw this; it put me off completely and I immediately uninstalled the app. It is just a was of time.
Stupid app why
I was happy to try this, but after the free trial you have to pay 59.99?!?!?!? WHAT IS SO GOOD OR SPECIAL ABOUT THIE APP?!? I am sorry if I sounded mean when I said that, but it there was a free trial, and Sorry I did not know there was free content, Sorry.
WTH. $60 a year to try to get your kids to sleep? 😂🤣 Wow.
I hate it it have me sign up and pay money but the ad said it is free
Not free.7 day trial and then auto subscribe nonsence.If you want people to try it.Do a 7 day trial without the auto subscribe.Just another Scam
I am personally a kid and I usually can't fall asleep at night but because of a kid I can't pay a yearly subscription and considering I could only find one free song / music I was kind of sad
My 4 yr old daughter screamed and cried begging to turn this off..not for her
Sorry but I can only listen to won story
It's always about money!!! No one wants to help anyone out without talking about money!!
I hate it every thing on it was locked and I had to pay I am 8 yr old and I have a problem sleeping and I hate DO NOT GET THE APP🤬😡😠😡😡😡🤬
I'm a child trying to sleep and I did not like the fact that it wanted me to sign up and subscribe. I thought it should be free, and that it would be free.
The app has difficulty when we cast to the speaker in the Little's room. It has difficulty continuing to play, so we have to constantly monitor the app, and if we try to do anything else on our phones while moshi is playing, it rarely works.
Not worth paying money for this app.
Did not work I was so excited but then when I went in there was just 2 clouds and it didn't do anything and the login and or sign up looks sketchy soooooo over all don't recommen Sorry creator
We like the sounds and stories but I am giving 1 star because when you cast to a device the app sounds are too low. It being low requires you to increase the device's volume making everything else loud like the assisant's responses to your commands. The responses are loud enough to startle our baby awake. This app costs too much for that and if not fixed it's a huge waste of money.
Paid for the subscription last year for my child and before my subscription time was up the app says it is no longer supported on my child's device, it won't open without an update and won't update because it's not supported anymore. I couldn't open the app to cancel the renewal so I sent an email requesting my subscription be cancelled, but I was just charged for renewal today anyway and I want my money back. I'm not paying for an app I can't use!
Cancelled during the trial period as my little one really didn't like it but got charged in 2019 - then refunded and informed that my subscription had been cancelled - December 2020 a yearly subscription fee was again taken despite not having access to the app since I uninstalled in 2019
Add more songs no vip if you'd had no vip it would be better
Disappointing there are only 1 or 2 sounds available without the upgrade. I would not download this app unless you are willing to pay for it, I am not as there are others out there.
Charged after cancelling free trial
I have to have moshi pro subscriptionto read the audiobook
Seriously overpriced, not worth it. There's thousands of YouTube videos better than this FOR FREEEE. NOT RECOMMENDED
Misleading
It requires your location before you can use it. If i want to check something like my insurance card, i shouldn't have to give it a location every time i open the app.
Unless you grant location access the app will not allow you to sign in and look at your account.
I entered my account info and it says it's old and I need to set up the HSID. I try that and it says I already have an account and need to log in. I go back and get the same error that I'm using old info and need to set up under the new system. Same thing, the new system says I already have an ID. But it doesn't recognize when I log it in. Then, I try to recover my user name, hoping somewhere along the line I can connect these. It says there is no user with my name and DOB. ugh!!!!
The app will not allow me to select my plan. Keeps saying oops.. please fix
Only giving one star because I can't give 0. This app seems engineered to make it impossible to log in. Captcha kept telling me i entered the wrong characters. The birthday cannot be typed in, but must be selected by clicking month by month. (E.g. if you"re 20 years old, you'd have to click the arrow 200+ times. And if you're 50...)
App Doesn't Work. Every time I try to log in, I get an error message saying "oops, something went wrong, please try again later." This is unacceptable for a billion dollar insurance company. Fix this app.
I'm having trouble log in to mobile App. I reset my password twice and still get error username or password incorrect. I called customer service and had to create a new account and do new security questions on the website platform. After, setting up the account, I tried to login to mobile app and still got error message. I uninstalled the mobile app and I still received the error message. I found your mobile app very convenient to use but now I will have to access my account on your website.
United Healthcare does not support this app.
4/24/20 WOW AGAIN!!! Whole nother set of fail ribbons to programming team. Today program info says last update was 4/9/20, still doesn't connect to Google fit. 4/7/2020: WOW a new update!!! STILL DOESN'T CONNECT TO GOOGLE FIT. STILL PRETTY USELESS TO ME!!!! Fail ribbon to programmers.
This app is a waste of space. it will not scan my card, tells me ALL my physicians are either out of network or non-existent, even with a mileage range of 100 miles. same with hospitals and at p.o present I am near one.
Can't see my FSA account balance no where. Doesn't give you a option. Then when you try submit a claim it only let you submit medical. Need to do better with all the free money we pay you
What a worthless app! I cannot think of a single attribute - it is a total waste of time. It took forever to install and once installed I wondered why I had even bothered. I need to seek another provider.
It was perfect until a week ago. Cant login in my mobile app because it says that something went wrong to try again. I do it and it keep failing login. I uninstalled and installed the app and nothing. Went to my computer and try to login and it say that isnt me that is them their problem. I need to look for a doctor for my dad ASAP and cant to anything. 03/02/2020 still doesnt work even when i pua complain. Hope you can fix the problem.
Is not letting me sign in into my account
This app has prevented me from useing my insurance for 8 months. And the call in number is no help either. United are thieves for denying me the use of my own healthcare.
CANNOT GET THE CAPTCHA RIGHT!!!
200 Billion dollar company, can't log in on the app. Or try to schedule a virtual visit on P.C. Nice
will not work with my phone
It does not support my plan and they have one of the worst websites I have ever encountered
Can't log into uhc with app. Needs work. Was fine until update! Please repair and leave it alone if it is ok. Thanks.
Oops... something went wrong is not a valid reason for not allowing me in the app or telling me how to fix it!!!
App doesnt support UHC Medicare Advantage plans. At all.
Worked really well with my samsung s10.... Got a new phone the LG v60 thinQ and the app won't open. It just sits there for hours with the navy screen and yhe app icon.
WARNING! MAJOR PRIVACY ISSUES. - App is OVERPERMISSIONED. App obtains 25 permissions and contains 7 separate 3rd party data mining/tracker libraries that can monitor, collect and send user data to UHC and 3rd parties 24x7 without user knowledge or consent. WHY DO YOU NEED 7??? UHC fails to clearly describe what data is collected, how it is used, or where it goes and how it is protected. UHC APP FAILS TO PROVIDE ANY OPT-OUT MECHANISM OR MECHANISM FOR USERS TO REQUEST COPIES OF COLLECTED DATA.
Can not lockin after download and open.so what is good for?
Hasn't worked in weeks. It's up to date, I've uninstalled and reinstalled. Still doesn't work.
this app only is useful for checking the status of claims. There is a glitch that does not allow it to find any providers no matter what parameters you use. only the website works. Basically app is useless
keeps saying "not connected to the internet" can't login or do anything with it.
Cant log in ir even creat an account
Always down and never works.
You get to go back one month at a time to your birthday. Then told they can't confirm your eligible??? Useless!!! At least on my phone.
Wont let me login not supported
The app wants to automatically use my location and find a provider. I'm just looking for my IHR per a UHC promotion. The app doesn't need to know my location for this. Now the app has frozen!
Hard way to spend hrs. trying to access UHC acct. I am in too much pain to do this. U
I keep hitting the 'install' button, but the app wont even attempt to install on my device. serious bug.
OMGOSH i download app as instructed ...activated my card...attempt to create a account ...what a Joker for us elderly disabled persons I was sent yo a agent that i had to spell my NAME to 5 times ...she Barely spoke english i am bi lingual in 5 language of which none were appropiate. TO BE TOLD TO DELET THIS APP AND DOWN LOAD WALMART ...HOPING THEY HAVE ANYTHING. I WILL COMPLAIN AS MY MONEY I PAY FOR MY INSURANCE TO MY INSURANCE COMPANY TILL THEY NO LONGER TAKE A CALL. WHAT HAPPENED TO ESSENTIAL
App is broken. Can't log in, it keeps saying "Oops something went wrong". I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app. I can log in to the website, fine, but not on the app. I emailed uhc and haven't received any response at all, this was a few months ago. I even gave it 2 months before just trying to reinstall and no change. I'm uninstalling for good now.
App for Android platform can't seem to be able to find internet connection. On wifi, on Sprint 4G, with VPN active, with VPN off. Doesn't matter what, it will not identify being connected to the interwebs. Now that said, the app for iOS on my iPad works just fine, only has wifi, with or without VPN, no problem. Fix the Android iOS app forthwith
The child I'm caring for has the community plan so we cannot get access to the app because of that. I thought we were supposed to help those that need it the most?
Abysmal
I received a message that my plan was not supported by the application. I feel the application should support ALL UHC plans. VERY unhappy right now!!!
Wouldnt work with first download or 2nd. Calling CS didnt help either.
This app does not support Medicare supplement plans. Huge disappointment.
Terrible, it won't even let you log in
Terrible app, I type my user name and password and it will not access my account. The problem persists. App is useless.
latest updates now have my phone loading permanently after entering my password. why does no one test these updates?
Won't retain my login information. Not user friendly
Trying to recover account info and the CAPTCHA is impenetrable
Can't sign in
It opened up to a blank screen and would do nothing.
cant use this app if i only have a dental plan, its 2020, you operate like its 1990..dont be stupid
UHC denying seniors LA fitness. Very very bad
Can't download it
United Healthcare seems to have hired the same developers of the Obamacare website. Can't log in, Can't get a straight answer from customer service, and can't reset password or verify any information. Guys...... this is horrible.
Got told of an update. So I updated to this app. Msg sorry this app does not support your plan.
Doesn't work with UHC All Savers plans
Can't sign in. I have tried at least 50 times. And it's always the same thing.
Says my account isn't compatible for the app. So exactly what kind of account do you have to have to track your claims and bills?
Unable to use, keeps saying that I'm not connected to the internet please connect and try again. It looks like a lot of people are having this problem.
Not able to login ever even though I can do so online.
Not available for Google Wear OS...
I haven't checked them out before. I didn't know they were here.
Can't log in after resetting password
Can't believe for new members got away until January 1st to get this app download on your phone that is ridiculous they have all my info in their system but cannot download the app until January 1st get your stuff together
Doesn't work!
Will not allow me to enter my date of birth.
Can't use this app for mobile OS upgraded
cant get to download
Horrible. I have been trying to navigate to my RX Benefits which are managed by United Healthcare -links on the app DO NOT WORK. Called Optum yesterday and the helpdesk person insisted OptumRx has no issues - still can't access my RX information. POS
Keep having errors when logging in. Same ID and password worked with computer.
This was download without my knowledge and permission
downloaded app was unable to create acct says my info is not correct 😒
Won't allow sign-in.
Really poor. Always problem with the password. You are going to be request to change it everytime.
Downloaded this app onto my Apple iPhone - my phone froze numerous times while attempting to login. Giving up on this useless app - waste of my time!
despite repeated tries by reloading and rebooting my phone, this app persist in saying I am not connected to Wi-Fi. I am. apparently it still has bugs
Could not login
Downloaded app, wouldn't let me sign up. Same problem as with internet access. Guess I'll go with Humana when open enrollment comes up again. NEVER had an account with anyone that didn't let me access my account online!
It does not work with the UHC Medicare supplement from AARP
Always fails to log in and then I have to change my password, never recognizes fingerprint.
They suck worst Insurance ever they .
Cannot log in. I have verified my username and changed my password, and it still says an error occurred. I can get into the health4me app which says the same password will work for the UGC app, but it will not
Cant Even Register On This App!!!!
App will not allow login on the first use
Why this app support just some accounts. Probably just for the members with private insurance. It will be nice if you say something before we waste the time installing.
cking trash
Unable to download app
Simply doesn't work at all. Over 2 hours with tech support and the best they could come up with was maybe the app is down try back in few days . Days later still can't use. And no cliser to being able to have access to services paid for.
Could not get app to open on chromebook
Can't log in! Doesn't recognize me. When are you going to fix ??!!
It's an app by a for-profit health insurance company. That's all I need to know to give it a single star rating. The callback system is buggy. I asked for the app to call me, the phone rang twice then they hung up. They called back again, I pressed 1 to be transferred to a rep and then nothing but dead air. People *hate* insurance companies for a reason...
The app does not work. I just finished a phone call (January 21, 2020) with UHC technical support who said the app is not working. Maybe a week, maybe longer before it is fixed.
No icon created. Have to run from playstore only... Fix it!!!!
The find medical care feature does not have quality fiter options. The app ask for your loxation everytime you click on a new page. The estimate cost should show up on the initail result list instead of having to click through each doctor.
Can't register an allsavers card. Can't scan the barcode and gives me an error when I type it in manually that doesn't tell me what's wrong. Just says "Something went wrong."
Fake. Launched, but not launched according to the toll free number. Rep sounds like a broken record.
App does not let me log in even though I use the same credentials as on the website. Clearly something is broken.
Certain plans can only use this app. This suck because you have go to several different websites in order to view each plan you have. This sucks We need an app to provide all plans, benefits, bills that need to be paid, find a doctor in network, etc. in one app.
I rarely review apps, but I will always go out of my way when apps will not support the autofill feature, which increases usefulness for security minded folks who use a password manager. I have (just checked) 678 unique passwords for every application and website I have ever used in my password manager. When applications don't support this feature, I drop everything from my busy life, and track down the app store to leave this kind of review. Boooo.
I cannot enter user name and password - both fields are protected even if two checkbooks are checked.. I am touching the field but keyboard not showing. Developers, please fix a bug. You screw up the last update. This app used to work but not any more.
SUCKS!!!!!!!!!!
Cannot auto fill using password manager
Have united and my account not there
Horrible! I don't have time for an app that refuses to let me in even though it verifies my username and password. Just keeps saying oops! Oops! Well you know what, this is the kind of thing that irritates me enough to drop this Medicare Supplement Plan. Life is too short!
Virus would not let me install it. tried it,again its says its not by a professional app developer and may be compromised.
This is ridiculous I have been with United healthcare for years and can never get any questions answered I stay on the phone with them for hours and they just give me the runaround I'm going to switch healthcare plans it cost a lot more than the other healthcare plans BUT IT IS NOT WORTH IT !!!!!!!!!!👎👎
Total waste of time, help staff, clueless, then sends you to someone else, clueless again. Twenty plus minutes wasted. The app doesn't work, OH BY THE WAY, it's not for my plan. THANKS. Doesn't deserve 1 star, but can't post, if not given.
wont let me login deleting this and all uhc apps are a wast of time dont d-load
I can't log into the app. It just keeps giving me an error message that says the information is not recognized, but I can log into the website using the same information just fine. Please fix this issue, I would love to use the app as it would be more convenient for me, but right now it's impossible.
Says im not connected to internet. BS! Just changed password and was accepted. How can new password be accepted if im not connected. Tried last night and this morning same results.
Signed up tried signing in was told I dont have an account
It was working just fine, and now can't log in, it keeps saying something is wrong, not to happy about it, since I was unable to show my insurance card because it won't log in 👎👎👎
This app doesn't seem to support UHC Medacare advantage members. There is no app listed for us. The Health 4U app doesn't either. Again Seniors kicked to the curb. Really poor planning on the part of a company this big. Deleting both apps.
Doesnt support all uhc plans. Why bother making an app that all members cant use?
Worst app ever, just got my card and took about 10 minutes just to get the year of my birth and couldn't even save it, then was not able to even finish after many attempts. 👎
I would give uhc negative 50 stars if I could... their app doesn't work, their operators don't work, this for example is honest to God actual example... hello I'm trying to get my member id... operator: ok what is your member id so I can look that up for you. That has been my experience.. 3 hrs on hold to then not knowing somewhere along the line they transferred me to a clinic. The clinic says oh we're not taking new patients. Anywhere I can rate them I will... RUN AWAY from them if youcan
unable to use - it always says 'you're not connected to the internet - please connect and try again'. this is with an active 4g and/or wifi connection. reading the other reviews it seems this is a widespread issue.
I am trying to log into the app and I keep getting an error message.
Crappy. Everytime i try to log in it says invaild username or password
Oh would you like to be called when an agent is available? We'll have a person call you and then put you on hold for over 50 minutes just to ask a question that takes maybe 1 minute to answer about plan coverage. Do we offer this on the app? Nope! Not for the provider you work with. Just random doctors when you try to search the term on our app. Still on hold for something this app could have easily answered as the provider is in network.
Can't log in
Hard to register
Not useful app. After registration would not allow me in. I went to the website and got in without an issue. Deff not recommend.
I apprently don't have the right plan for this app
cant create account ops screen
Will not reconize or let you log in.
can't use with Medicare plans
Useless. Can't login on mobile device.
UPDATE: I've reached out to the customer service email stated below and still have not heard back yet. I would give a minus stars if that was possible. Thank you so much for NOT HELPING. This app has not worked for me since day one. It keeps saying they don't have my login info. I've changed my password multiple times. I've uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times. Customer service said they have escalated my ticket. I still have not gotten a call back from them.
No help
Useless app. Why do you even release an app that doesn't let anyone login !!
Epic Fail...doesn't use the same login as the web site, and it doesn't work with prescriptions
Doesnt support all plans. Some plans have to login through the website.
have AARP Medicare adantage cannot have camera take a pic of card.tried manual tells me card # not valid.
DO NOT USE THIS APP! I have called multiple places listed and they are either no longer located at the listed location or no longer work with UHC. I finally set up an appointment and when I arrived at the address listed in the app they had no appointment for me. This has cost me days of getting care and is extremely frustrating to deal with. Now I'm running out of time for treatment and lost several days I could have gotten care at other facilities.
Since the update the app and the website won't work at all. I cannot sign into my account even though I was just signed into it not even 24 hours ago. This is ridiculous why do an update for it to not work at all. I will change this review IF the app and/or website is finally useable again.
This app does not recognize my account, even though I have no issues logging in through Chrome. Basically useless app.
Worst insurance company ever.
This sorry a$$ app can't find your username when clearly you are able to log onto the website. Is this even legitimately coming from United Healthcare or some scam?
Horrible! Never even let me log in! Just gave me the run around, verification codes over and over again, insisted I change my password several times. After almost an hour (yea my own stupidity going along with it that long) I just got an error message telling me to go use the regular website. Pointless.
The App Would not open after instolation
I've been trying to get the app installed for the last 48 hours. Each time I try an install I'm told the app will be installed soon????
Wont open
I try the scan on my brother's card does nothing . I try manually registering and it comes with up there error. Even though I put in the exact correct information it still comes up with errors. Please fix !!
Very difficult to work with
Cannot sign in. I just get a constant loop of "Oops, something went wrong, please try again later."
Won't allow me to log in to the uhc medicare supplement information.
Won't signin, get error message "oops sorry something is wrong, please try again" is the server down? Sent email with no response.
Argh! Can't login. Says "Oops. Something went wrong." each time I enter my credentials
Won't let me sign in? It's the correct information, but it keeps saying "oops sorry something went wrong please try again". I tried restarting the app as well as my phone. Hopefully this is fixed soon.
Does not work with very many plans. Took forever to register thru app only to find out it redirects you to a website where you have to do everything again. A link would make much more sense instead of a whole app that does nothing.
Poor
Difficult to navigate
Doesn't support UHC Medicare Plans !!
My account not supported
ID Card Send doesn't work. It generates an email but nothing is attached to the message.
Stupid app
Installed the app only to find out my UHC plan isn't supported on the app. What's the point of having the app if it doesn't support all of their plans?
Keeps saying oops something went wrong... For months now. Why is that?
Soooooo bad!!!!!!!wont work, wont open account, asks for the same info over and over. HORRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!
Download the app, reset password and login username and still wasn't able to login into the app. Terrible.
I was excited when I saw my plan was offering rewards for steps. I have a Samsung smartwatch and also use Google Fit to track steps. I installed this a couple months ago and have tried repeatedly to connect my Google Fit with UHC. I click on Google Fit, select my account, and it says an error has occurred. I don't have the money to buy a Fitbit right now, and that seems to be the best way to participate. In other words, because this app is coded by idiots, I miss out on my rewards. Thanks UHC!
Your app is garbage. Uninstalling.
Update, after using this app for a while now I've moved my rating from 5 starts to 1. I have set this app up to use fingerprint instead of entering my password and the app only allows this once in a great while. It makes me change my password almost everytime I try to log in which is not convenient, especially when you're standing in the doctor's office and people are waiting on you. The app wastes so much time trying to change password everytime I need to view something. I'm over it!
Doesn't take my info. Says it can't find my health plan
Does not work. Useless
Blue screen of United death. Downloaded and opened app, then stuck on blue screen. I have a factory unlocked phone.
I just downloaded the app, and tried to create an account using it. When I got to the Date of Birth field, it starts at January, 2000, and I'm apparently expected to tap on the back arrow 569 times to get to my birth month of August, 1952. There's no other way to enter a date other than to get to the correct month of the correct year and select the day. So I won't be using this app until they get this straightened out . Really poor programming, and apparently no testing.
I am uninstalling this application due to it's hard requirement to disclose my location immediately after login. This is a privacy violation. Unless I'm using the application for a location specific function such as locating a pharmacy or clinic, there is no reason for it to have any knowledge of my location.
App not working since latest updates. Won't log in, even after I change password. It stays stuck on login screen. Very frustrating.
Why do apps which require the date of birth insist on the user to have to scroll month by month for each year until finally getting to the birth year? Not a problem if you're 20 yet I am not....
this app is stressing me out. everytime i try to login it just says ,"oops something went wrong"
This idiot app refuses to recognize me. I have been a manner for 5 years. Website works fine. App says I don't exist. I removed it. 4 UGHs!
Have no problems getting into health4me, but when installing new app and trying to log in get - sorry something went wrong...oops..try again....not happy
Poor onto letting me into my account
UHC has completely complicated everything! This is possibly the worst app I've ever encountered with the most unorganized "organization" of all times. 👎🏼
wont allow me to sign in, even after signing up and getting a confirmation text and email. just keeps saying "oops something went wrong try again later"
Doesn't give you updated information on what has been paid.
App won't even open.
Junk. Does not remember your credentials - have to login every time I use the app. Big inconvenience every time I need to pull up my Insurance cards.
Unable to log in. Using the same username and password I would use on the UHC site, but keep getting "Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again." I've uninstalled and reinstalled. Nothing
App does not recognize id or pass word!
Which app do I use? This one or Heath4Me? I have a Dual SNP in Alabama and neither seems to work?!?!?
The app took me in circles until I ended up with "eligibility error." (I'm paying for insurance and AM eligible.) It has a "call for help" number but the woman in India told me that the app doesn't work for my plan, but it is specifically listed. Useless.
It won't let me log on, keeps telling me oops, something went wrong , try again later
Despite updating my log in, I can log into the website but every attempt via the app results In, "oops sorry something went wrong." Error message.Very helpful...
Health plan not supported. Have to use their website instead.
Just downloaded it and connected it to my Google Fit. So it asks me to choose the Google account I have and then gives me "Connection Failure: Google FIt connection failed. Please try again." I am out of tries ---3 times--- and have no more time for this. Can you suggest what might be wrong?
Why can I not change my username? I haven't had insurance in a while, yet my information was still saved. Why was my information not deleted. Is this not a security issue. This is the worst.
couldn't log in, it said it didn't support my account.
App does not recognize internet connection with wifi on or off. Useless.
Can't Log In. Tried to change password to see if that would help and it didn't.
This app sucks!! My insurance plan changed so it will not let me create a new account and wont let me login either as my plan is not supported
HORRIBLE company
the app doesnt support my plan. must use website
Will you add a feature to allow claim form submittal through the app?
Wouldn't let me use it because I have medicaid and said it wasn't supported
It never works so why even bother with it.nothing makes you feel better then sitting in emergency room waiting for them to do their paperwork and then being told your password doesnt match your email. I get up and leave. Now i cant order medication or use your internet for same reason
Every time I try to sign in to this app biometrically (one try) , I get an error message that I have made too many attempts. I have to input my password then it asks me to sign in biometrically. It's annoying!!!
Latest update disables non-cts passing/rooted devices!! Beware my custom ROM friends. You'll either have to rollback to 1.6.0 (apkpure has) or spoof cts profile and magisk hide in order to use the versions following 1.6.0. I hate that more and more apps are doing this!
Waste of Time Cannot log in. Loop to attempt with no success. Needs bugs fixed so can use.
My new 2020 plan is not supported on this new application that was pushed and advertised during open enrollment. I also can no longer view my 2019 plan details in the app because my 2020 plan is the plan that the app is acknowledging. With seems like this is now a move backward and less like a convenient move forward. IT advised I can only use the browser to view plan and claim information going forward.
None of the links work. Explanation of benefits- doesn't work. Reviews- doesn't work. Prescription info- doesn't work.
Wont work. Tried to sign up and last stage of verification wont work. Says cant be verified for both email and text. Tried 2x on both and double checked I'm typing all the codes in right
wont download, its like stuck, can not clik the open butten
"This app is only supported on unmodified versions of Android".....uhhhh: my android is u modified
Will not open.
Cannot sign in. Just spins.
Too much pay too play. Greedy AF
I'm on Oxford United and my login credentials don't work here
Would give it -5 stars if possible. The app does not work. You can never get passed the log in screen. I'll keep using the website. Wasted space on my phone.
Horrible
Doesn't work !!!
DOESN'T work Still I have reset my password several times and it fails to login. Went back to the older version of the uhc app and works. same id and password.
Useless! A message stating this app is only supported on unmodified versions of Android. What???
It will not let you put your information in at all it can't help me if I can't get it to work.
App does not work I can sign on my computer but can't sign in with app. I check my sign in information 6 times
Never let me log in. "We are unable to log you in at this time please try again later". Annoying.
i beenlooking for a new heaith care medical insutance planthat right for me and betterfor me to and wont make me pay for everything
App useless for those of us running custom versions of Android.
I do not like this app at all compared to health 4me. This app is just a bunch of links to websites instead of an app. It has information, but is not as user friendly. UHC just needs to work on health4me instead.
Hard to open, not easy to navigate through app
Installed the app to view a claim. I haven't logged into uhc in a while, so wanted to look up my username. Someone in their infinite wisdom decided to use a date picker defaulting to today's date for the DOB field, and there's no way to type in a year or zoom out on the date picker - all it has is left and right arrows that move the date ONE month. Didn't want to flip through a few decades month by month, so I gave up right there. Come on guys, design it better. I wasn't born in 2018, at least default it to 18 years ago since no one under 18 can usually sign up for these sites. And let users type in the year part.
Updating 5 days after last update....ridiculous. Not work installing, just go to website
App is useless im through united and it says my plan isnt supported by the app. Wth is.that!
I dont have a group number. So I can not sign in.
I cannot even open this app
The app will not load and will not let me call
Won't load..
Login doesn't work, ever. It says try again and I'm tired of trying. Remember when you could just expect to at least be able to login to a service? Pepperidge Farms remembers.
Stopped working. Will not let me use anymore and agent wasn't able to help.
Won't work with my phone.
Why doesn't this work for my United Healthcare Allsavers plan?
Fingerprint log in constantly fails App always requies new password - full of bugs. Frustrating - Ive got to where I just go to the website.
Don't waste your time if you have UnitedHealthcare insurance under AARP. You won't be able to sign-in on this App. You can only access UnitedHealthcare_AARP from the Web.
The app won't even let me log in. It keeps telling me something went wrong.
Will not open on app only on computer..complete waste of my time...when I tried to update password it says can't use previously used passwords..but this is my same password and it let's me in on computer
Login fails
I have an account but refuses to sign in, the website works but trying to use the app does not.
Can't log in, eligibility error. Have an All Savers plan.
Bad, stuck on enter birthday, have to point on the arrow from 2020 to 1930. If you not careful. You start over and over again. Why not just enter on it. Wast of time.
I couldn't log in. It said it was already set up but then said my email was invalid.
The rewards appear to be a scam. The app shows zero steps when both my google fit and my wife's fitbit show steps. The app shows that we are both are connected. I called the phone number in the app but all that they can do is tell me that they will call me back.
I hope you people see this. I'm deleting your app. EVERY SINGLE TIME I have to redo the flamin password. I'm sick of this. And the fingerprint doesn't register.
Horrible company!! They charge a lot and cover very little!!
Worst web site
If you don't have all of your information there's no way to get it to this app
not able to login at all says that internet is not present while i am connected to wifi with all other apps working fine
What a God awful app - are we still living in 1999 or something cuz it is the ugliest layout and not user-friendly. I don't think highly of United Healthcare anymore these days because their telesales agents are all shady and don't know how to do their jobs with any ethics or integrity. Yuck
When I try to sign in, the app says it can't retrieve my healthcare information and I must go to the site on my desktop. It really defeats the point of having the app.
Can't open, no help at all. Tried to download 3 times. Useless!!!@@@
To difficult to sign in to
Does not support Ahcccs Unitedhealthcare plan... would have been a bit more easy to use.
🐂 💩
My plan is not in it
Please fix I can't search for any doctors. Only things I can view is insurance card and claims from my medication from the pharmacy app is not working please update
Every single number in the App is wrong, or every doctor I'd months out for being able to take on new patients. How are you supposed to get health care like this, when you call the number on the card the people can only send you a list of names that are in the app! The most useless insurance ever!
Although I'm able to log onto uhc on my desktop,when I attempt to login on the app, it tells me I'm not eligible...I'm not really computer savvy and I finding this very frustrating, about to give this up.
Keeps saying something went wrong.
Much slower than old app. Some options never render a new screen. Needs work.
Omits many Multicare facilities in and near Tacoma. (Response was lame. Wouldnt it be easier for the responder to simply forward my beef to those who could fix the problem? No change in my rating.)
This app freezes open . Can you explain why?
United Healthcare's telesales agent committed an insurance violation against my family member after she called in to make sure her plan stayed the same for next year. The agent was pushing a different plan that she wasn't interested in but the agent willingly wrote a new application with that plan without authorization. Btw, this app sucks
Bad Bad Bad
This app doesn't work. It won't scan my card nor will it let me change the month to enter in the correct birth month. Worthless!
I get the same msg many others are getting, while attempting to create a login. "Sorry, something went wrong. Please try again". I've gone through the same process of uninstalling and reinstalling only to get the same results. App needs technical fixes. USELESS!
Literally doesn't work depending on which plan you have. Already that deserves no stars.
Terrible app do you not check on things you tell us we have to have this so we get info and pay our bill only you cannot log in. Wow big surprise. Get it fixed or lose customers to frustration.
Terrible. Everytime I try and log in its says an error occured.
Worst web site
I don't know but health net was really s*****
App doesn't work and keeps crashing. Scam company.
Oops, something went wrong. Sure did. Can't login or get more info about why than that. Absolutely useless. I email them as requested. Did they respond? Fix anything? Nope. At this point I wish I could leave zero stars.
"Only supported on unmodified versions of Android" What utter nonsense, they have absolutely no reason to care about whether the bootloader is unlocked or not.
It will not sync my walking data. No support to be found
I am unable to sign in on this app! It keeps showing the message "something went wrong" but I have no trouble logging in on the browser?
stupid!!!!
Cause freeze my phone To enter my birthday to sign up I have go back from 2000 to 1969 by clicking back arrow montly it's takes forever instead of just typing.
This is an waste of space & time. There is NOTHING within it that a simple internet search will tell you AND FASTER. All it basically has, (personal info... your id card, amount towards deductible) tier costs (NO INFO ON THE DRUGS THEMSELVES TO TELL YOU WHATS COVERED OR WHAT TIER ITS ON) copays and copays for dr visits. There is MUCH MORE online or by a simple phone call. For example, under the plan benefits section it DOESN'T show your complete benefits, eye wear, eye exams, dental, etc.
Never works
Couldn't use this because it thinks my phone is rooted. It is not rooted.
A step in the wrong direction. Health4Me, which this app replaces, is much better. For example, with this app, I can no longer pay claims with Instamed.
Wont download
This app is terrible!!!!! Was there a recent upgrade? I can't even log in to the app anymore. It gives me constant error messages. I'm using the same exact health net ID that I use online, but it won't work. Optum Bank app won't work anymore either, even though they all use same id and pw. I work for UHC, so don't leave me a reply saying that I should contact the help desk. Fix the bug in this app!!!!! The Health4Me app is so much better than this one.
not disabled friendly design
Very dishonest. They will tell you lays just to get you to sign up with them.i know first hand because they told me a pack of them.dont be a fool like me do reach and shop around. Please
out of date. constantly have to re- sign in. impossible to use in a pinch because the app is so cumbersome
So, I have to page back month by month 60 times to select my birth. This app is horrible. Support is horrible
Please fix app to get past the insurance type
Every time I try to use this app I get redirected to another app in the android playstore.
app doesn't work. keeps saying phone is not connected to the internet when it is. app is broken.
Just terrible. Won't accept my correct signin. Now, more than ever, health insurers are inept. UHC sure is.
Does not work on "modified" versions of Android. Also doesn't close when this message comes up.
To enter your month of birth you have to scroll 1 month at a time from 2000 to when you were born. Never saw such archaic user interface
Terrible app for a more terrible company
unable to enter birthdate with simple entry
This app is broken. It won't let you even log in.
It SUCKS BIG TIME. HUNG UP ON /PASS THE BUCK/INCOMPETENT REPS/ NO HELP
this app and this company sucks.....they don't even deserve 1 star at all but it was the only way I could review. customer service is a joke and so is this insurance company. My company must of looked for a cheap way out for insurance.
Thought I'd make myself a shortcut to my health insurance with this app, but it never let me sign in. I double-checked my credentials from UHC's online website sign-in, (mobile Chrome), but when I tried to sign in on this app, it just did that ouroboros load graphic for upwards of 2 minutes the 3 times I tried it. I don't know what the problem was, but as I was left in loading limbo the 3 times I tried signing in, I'll just stick with the url on my mobile Google. Far easier. Disappointed.
Wish I could give it ZERO stars... Unusable!!! Will not allow you to log in after signing up. WORTHLESS!!!
Android phone app version is stupid
App not allowing me to log on.
DOB. Seriously, you have to manually scroll through months and years?
stinks in almost every way
Doesn't work on mod android OS.
Just installed app and it won't open. Stays on the blue screen.
This app is absolutely WORTHLESS!!!
It can't find me as a member???? I've been a member for 3 weeks!
Worst login experience ever. Constantly signs out and biometrics never work. I always had to enter my password. The app crashes constantly and is super slow doing anything.
App never works
Worst app ever stupid app wont let me register
Super expensive and they nickel and dime you for everything. With the exception of people who need to go to the hospital 24/7, Medicaid is much better. Also, compare doctor reviews on the UHC app with Yelp and Google. You will find the same 4-5 star doctor on UHC has a 1-2 star rating on Yelp/Google. What's up with that?
App refuses to load.
App keeps crashing. Not able to log in.
The app doesn't work with my phone. It keeps going off.
Sign in start to look at claims then app shuts down. Can't do anything on it. It's useless!
Just downloaded and crashes before even let's me in- awesome start guys 🙄😤
There's no improvement. In fact the app won't even open for me after updating it.
The app will not let me in and keeps dropping. Please advise what next steps I can take.
The old one was just fine... WHY CHANGE? The new one crashes, won't open.
New update doesn't work. App crashes when opening. Can't use. Update: Thank you for new update. Working fine now.
Won't even launch... Garbage
Won't start on my google 3a xl with latest update on android 11. It gives the starter Ng screen then disappears. If I do it more than once I get a message "UHC keeps stopping" I've called there help and talked to 4 people. I tried everything they suggested without success.
I cannot get the app to open. It flashes with the blue screen UHC logo, but then it crashes every time.
When I first downloaded the app and set it up it was great,tried to log in to it the next day and it keeps saying can not open,I've Uninstalled it and reinstalled and it hasn't made any difference,it won't work,I hope it's something you can fix quickly as I need the app for insurance purposes.
Healthsafe ID NOR APP WORKS
This app REQUIRES a location before you can proceed. Why is that? It's stupid!! Not to mention that there are some claims that are not being shown. Big bunch of buffoons!!
Terrible App! After a long process to create acct. Now my insurance is not supported...waste of my time now uninstalling it
The app is supposed to track your steps for renew rewards but does not sync with the recommended mobile app Google Fit. Totally useless. Uhc wants me to buy fitbit to track steps.
United healthcare would not let me gamet to my account unless i downloaded their app, which I already have and use regularly! Plus, it won't let you advance through unless you allow it to have access to your location. I already have the doctors I need and don't want any suggestions! NOT happy! Wold give less stars if I could!!
Garbage app, wouldn't accept any of my information to log in.
Can't login with my Healthsafe ID on the app so forced to use the website. So many people complaining about that but no update to fix it yet.
Won't open on Lineage Android, complains about "modified Android" as if Google Android is safer or something. Major hospital network app doesn't give me this garbage.
Couldn't find anything I needed. I.e., order from catalog - otc credits
App does not recognize my member ID .why have an app that don't work.
Doesn't work with my type of plan I guess
Doesn't work
Having a Hard time downloading & installing on my Samsung Galaxy smartphone S9PLUS. Thus cannot rate this application properly. Fix it & I will update my review.
I haven't had any success with the Renew Active Rewards step activity. I started walking on Saturday 2/6 up to today 2/9, and have not been able to sync my progress to my mobiile tracker!
Horrible App and Custumer Service. I had to give it 1 Star. It should have given me 5 stars for even thinking it would work.
I will not download for me. And the first one says to download this one. A waste of my time. Garbage.
Does not work cannot open
Cause more problems than it was worth very dangerous company that you don't want around children untrustworthy hateful not beneficial unethical unreliable unresourceful bad track record many aliases
Crappy rewards not worth allowing them to sell my info.
Will take you till you're 60 to earn rewards.
I'm fed up. Ive contacted optimity numerous times regarding redemptions. Ive redeemed countless petro points and have waited well over a month and still the points have not been added to my petro card. It said 3-10 days. Its been tripple that. Honestly I don't see the point of this app. It came back in such a negative way. Such a shame. Not wasting anymore time.
Can't enter zip code
Didn't record steps yesterday. Just showed steps from the previous day. I synced numerous times, restarted my phone, force stopped the app...nothing worked. Today my streak is gone, back down to 1x and I didn't get my rewards for yesterday. Not impressed.
I can't move forward to the next step. There's no button. Tapping the screen does nothing.
There are fitness apps in the store that give a better motivation and track 
your progress well. Those apps ensure that you do not cheat. Use this app 
at your own discretion.
Can't sync email unistalled.and the step tracker sucks phone say 10000 app says 6000
I rather earn from employment then this place.
This has to be some of the worst dietary advice I've ever seen. But at least I got my free Petro Points.
This app keeps freezing I cannot sign in I enter my email and it freeze every time
It crashes qnd doesnt symc devices. It has pitential to be a good app if it actually worked.
Used to use this app religiously until they removed all my perks and refused to do something about it via email thread. Downloading it again because despite having unsubscribed I'm still getting emails from then
So far the app has good surveys to gain points but the biggest problem so far is the step counter. I have a samsung note 10 plus and the app is only showing about half the steps that my phone or watch is currently counting. This is somewhat disappointing as I can't gain the diamonds from the daily steps.
Yeah, it's basically carrot rewards, but with 1% of the value. The rewards are pathetic at best. It would take like a month and a half of hitting step goals to earn about 30 cents worth of Petro points. I don't even fill up there...
The app takes forever to sync or it doesnt even sync. ive synced it with my Google Fit. I'm supposed to be over 100% completed for my daily steps but according to the app, I've completed 98% of my daily goal. I've been refreshing and close every 10min and its still doesnt update and its been a few hours already.
My steps aren't showing
This is nothing like the carrots reward experience. I had a daily step goal and received immediate rewards for making my step goal. All I seem to do is answer surveys and get "rewards" that I can't actually use based on what is currently offered. Wouldn't recommend this app in its current state.
Cannot get it to sync with Google Fit, opened two tickets, one closed one ignored.
Not showing my steps accurate... Update 1/14/21 update 2 - I did all that already, went back and forth for a while, didn't help. update 1- already went through the support email before I wrote the advice review and they did all they could to no avail.
So few rewards. If they don't add more soon I'm done.
Google Fit integration isn't working. Losing lots of gem points.
Boring i earn points faster filling up my car this app is garbage compared to the one before
This is not like Carrot at all... with the limited connectivity to devices I find this underwhelming. I have a Samsung watch that it doesn't support and I don't always carry my phone with me everywhere so steps dont get counted. Very disappointed in the new app.
Meh. This app used to be better when it was the Carrot App. The ability to add choice cards for rewards was wayy better. Not a fan of the new system.
won't let me add friends. I miss carrot.
All I can get rewarded with is petro points. What? No thanks, ad said amazon gift cards. Uninstalled.
Unspecified error, cant login and is useless
can't figure out how it works
2 challenges in a row now and have not received our rewards
100 diamonds to get 1 PetroPoint cent?? Thats a looooong way to fill up your car 🙃🙃🤣🤣
I mean it used to be great when the rewards were actually useful but now it costs so much for even $1 at Petro unless they upgrade the rewards I probably won't use this letting you track how much I walk and where I go for like a dollar a week nah. Unless I'm missing something the reward seemed very 💩
I have barely used the app and after every action it's asking for a review, so 1 star because though the app seems fine, you keep obnoxiously asking every two seconds for a review. Let me rate and review if and when I want to.
Does not even count the steps properly though I keep the phone with me all the time!
Steps from Garmin connect do not appear. I've done over 2500 steps but optimity says I've done 50 steps. I linked my Garmin connect to optimity through the integration options. It's been over 5 hours and no steps continue to say 50. Uninstalling
The link they send you won't allow me to confirm my email you need so you can cash out your points
Requires zip code but won't accept my zip code. It requires 6 #s but my zip is only 5.
This app should still be in Beta. I don't understand why Carrot Rewards was replaced with this as Carrot was a much better app and rewards system. I constantly experience issues with my steps not syncing from my Fitbit app, and even if they do sync, it doesn't necessarily sync with my steps challenge. Lots of work to be done to make this a functional app.
This worked great my first week, loved the exercises and activities and the daily challengs...then it was reset lost all my stars and now all I get are surveys and a walking challenge......so disappointed in this app. Don't bother with it.
Well it was great for the first three weeks. Then all of a sudden my account was reset. Now I have lost all my points and friends. Can't find anyway to get a hold of anyone at the company so I have no choice but to delete the app and tell others not to waste their time. Edit* got a hold of optimity and they basically told me they reset it and tough luck. What a terrible way to launch a new app.
I cant even get into the app its asking for my zipcode but it wants me to input 6 digits🤦🏿‍♀️
it's not carrot rewards, but it could be. with the same reward points returning instead of just gift card raffles and the step goal actually matching your own steps per day just like carrot rewards, this could be better
Used to work, new app can't sync with Google fit so it's useless
Hasn't registered my steps the last 5 days.
I guess I get to rate you twice.
Carrot was an ok app with good rewards. Optimity is a good app with non-existant rewards. For each quiz you earn 50 diamonds = 5 Petro points = less than half a cent. So literally to save a single dollar, I will need to take 200 quizzes or hit 200 consecutive days of steps on a streak. ($10 by 2026, ooh!) Optimity will probably respond to this review saying there are "many ways to earn rewards" in this app, but honestly I'm not holding my breath on anything that would be remotely worthwhile.
Terrible experience with this app. I'm quite positive it was the source of my recent identity fraud. Avoid
The most stupid app I ever experienced. Installed but can't either log in or sign up.
Sends a link to email for verification. Everything I click on the link or have a new one sent it just says "invalid link, resend new link". Uninstalled app.
Uninstalled and unsubscribed but still keep receiving marketing emails
Does not sync my steps from Google fit. It worked for the first few days but since then has shown 0 steps for every day.
In your 'About' section, you wrote: "Sync with 400+ wearables (including FitBit, Strava, Garmin, UA Record, Runkeeper), other health apps, and your personal calendar". What you failed to write was that you can only directly sync with Google Fit and Fitbit - that if you have another wearable, you'd need to download another app to sync it to Google Health. How incredibly convoluted and misleading. So I say no thanks. You guys took so long to re do this app only to come back with this nonsense?!?
Initial survey keeps failing
I was excited to try this app. However, I was disappointed in the reward system. Some of the other content is good though. It's a one star because when I tried posting low reviews before it would not post...
"unspecified error" when signing up. Why did this trash replace carrot?
I just downloaded the app after receiving a code to earn $25 in gift cards yet there is no where to add this code and no contact us area in app.
Stop syne my spets
Stuck on the welcome page, it's useless
Only work for a few days ,app no longer sync with Google fit. Try uninstall and reinstall many time with no success. App show integration with Google fit. Google fit show connect with optimity but steps won't sync.
Done with this. Just kicks me out and can't get back in. One less app cluttering up my phone.
Haven't been able to even use it. First I had problems connecting to my fitbit, and now when I try to open it, it remains on the loading screen.
Me and my friends used to love the carrot app because it gave you movie points. Now the app won't sync with my Fitbit and says I walk zero steps a day. And they've paired with Petro Canada which makes no sense if they're trying to promote a healthy lifestyle.
Sync with Google Fit is inconsistent. Some days it syncs with no problems. Some days it will not sync at all and lose all streak multipliers.
Wish I could give it 0. Not remotely like their original app. No rewards worth using the app.
Would not let me skip inputting a sign up code
The app doesnt sync to my fitbit today no matter how many times I refresh. Also, the feedback button in the app doesn't work.
i can't go into the survey
As in many reviews step syncing stopped working a couple of weeks ago. Have updated and reset the syncing but still not working. Not worth the effort for an app that really only exists to collect your personal preferences and data.
Was a beta tester for the Carrot app and it was working fine. Now I can't even connect my device as it only allows fitbit and Google fit. Neither of which I have. I used Garmin the entire time. So just a useless app for me now. Why allow it as a beta tester and then just drop it after.
The app doesn't open.
It does Not sync with Google Fit very well. It counts less than half the steps of Google Fit.
Can't link this app to my Galaxy watch. The old app was much better . And I have no idea how to even use this app.
Can't even select email or password to make an account. Off to a bad start!
I'm consistently not getting my steps sync'd with optimity and it will give me errors saying it cannot sync right now. The fix for this is usually to Uninstall and reinstall. This time it has locked my account out despite the password being correct. Its not the points but feels bad you are trying to keep up the challenge with a friend but run into these issues.
The App has asked me to rate it more than 100 times in a row....
UPDATE: I emailed your support center Nov 13th and still haven't heard back. Today is Nov 21st. (Outside of an automatic reply saying you've recieved my email) I received an email notification that carrot is back and so I downloaded the app and signed in with my carrot login. Now all I get is a welcome page and to 'navigate away' from it is to log out from the app. Originally I suspected it was still in development but after reading some other reviews I can see it's just simply not working.
Too invasive. Screw you.h
No Worthwhile Rewards. Only a potential to redeem for an Amazon raffle or Petro Points. Not worth it. Also, I never got my 2,500 points I was promised when installing.
This is ridiculous. Let's say you hit your streak every day, that's 50 diamonds a day. 100 diamonds gets you 10 Petro points. 10,000 Petro points gets you a $10 gift card. That means you need ***100,000*** diamonds to get $10, which will take you 100,000/50=2000 days, or ****5.5 YEARS**** to get $10. That's insane. Meanwhile optimity (probably) collects your data that entire time. Is your data worth half a cent per day?
App constantly bombarded me with an annoying popup demanding I rate it even though I dismissed the popup each time, so here's my rating. (Don't bombard your users.)
Does not sync with my Fitbit (for example, 15,000 steps in Fitbit and only 3,000 in Optimity), despite my many efforts to get it to sync. Asks for a lot of personal info. And 10,000 gems are worth only about $1.10 in Petro Points. Will be uninstalling.
Delete
Can't sync steps with google fit.
The write up says it can sync with a number of trackers, but the only options I get in the app are Google Fit and Fitbit. Neither of which I use because I use Samsung Health and a Galaxy Fit, which I don't have the option to even search for. I was looking forward to having a Carrot app that finally had rewards I could use, but it seems it's still not for me.
I downloaded this app to try out, only to find it's not available outside the United States and Canada. There was no indication of this in the app description so downloading was just a waste of my time.
The app hasn't synced my steps from my Fitbit app in 2 days. My Fitbit is synced. Very frustrating!
Things were going great step challenge with one friend. This week I got a challenge with my daughter. Its picking up my steps from my fitbit. But its not picking them up in the step challenge. I have restarted my phone. I have removed the app and reinstalled it. Nothing is working. So frustrating.
This app is horrible! It keeps sending you zillion emails even if you unsubscribe and uninstall the app. I have already contacted the support team and although they said that they have removed my email address from their list, I keep receiving them every Monday morning of every week exactly at 8:00 AM. It has woken me and my newborn baby a few times!
Garbage rewards
I noticed that my steps dont calculated properly, sometimes even not working. Also the main page is not working. I can't see my steps at all. I'm trying to hit 6000 steps every day. But I very disappointed that my steps in the app breaking because the technical reason.  I invited my friend to have challenge together,  but she has the same essue. I'm really liked the carrot app, I thought the Optimity going to be the same. But unfortunately I have difficulty to like your new app.
Can't get past the welcome.
App started crashing today for no reasons and cannot be launched anymore . It was updated 3 days ago and was fine until today. Reinstalled... Didn't help... Restarted phone... Didn't help.
Not worth it, can only get rewarded with petro points... Uninstalling now
Terrible
Since 1 month this app does not sycn with my google fit app.
The intention of the app is good. But the rewards you get from the app are completely absurd. You'll be able to redeem enough diamonds for a $10 gift card in about 5 years!?
I'm not able to create an account for some reason. App is completely unresponsive.
UPDATE: I received an email with suggestions - none of which worked. So far, this has been a waste of time. I've integrated my Fitbit with it, but it doesn't work. Frustrating. 🤷‍♀️
The carrot app was the same - 76 points before the goal and the app stops updating. Here it goes my streak.I hated the carrot app for this, now I dislike optimity. Why cant you not fix it?
This app is useless. Some answers in the quizzes do not fully show in the little boxes. Some quizzes will not scroll so I can't answer a question if the page is longer than my screen. Though linked properly, results of my activities do not show up on the app. In spite of my regular feedback, as someone with a handicap, there is no provision to allow for my handicap. I was a great supporter of the prior app. I tried this one, I'm gone.
Big time sync issues with Google fit, I lost a challenge due to not synching and now I have to shave my head
I didn't see any giftcards just ebook offers
Crashes my other apps my strava is never accurate anymore. I had to uninstall it in order to make my other apps work.
Email confirmation links DO NOT work. This SCAM appears to be a big joke, and now they have some of my personal information. I am angry. I am deleting the App.
I got locked out of the app and cannot sign back in. I tried to reset my password, but no matter what new password I entered, I kept getting an error message saying I needed to include at least 1 digit in the password. Every password I tried had at least 1 digit. I have tried every combination of digit, 1 uppercase, 1 lowercase, and a symbol but nothing worked. I sent 2 emails to support but no reply for over 3 weeks now!
So if I walk 6000 steps a day for 30 days I can earn 30 cents in petro points and I don't even use petro..... Thanks, I guess? I think I'll just look out for change on the ground during my walks. The education aspect of the app is nice but I'd prefer it had been advertised to me as a health education app rather than a rewards one.
Nothing like original Carrot Rewards, will be deleting. Don't collect Petro Points and there's no other options at the moment.
Not worth your time and effort. The rewards are minimal. Try Google Rewards instead. Also, depending on your phone, steps may not be calculated properly. Terrible!
Not syncing properly again! Been getting same problem as others with Android/Samsung users... please fix bug
Doesn't track properly. I did 15000 steps yesterday and it didn't save in the app
No real rewards, I don't want to spend days working towards 4 recipes. That's awful. It's a way to collect information on people and nothing more. If you thought this was carrot coming back run far away cos it ain't.
It's asking for a 6 digit postal code to finish signing up which doesn't exist and I don't think it's important, Runtopia didn't ask for it!
The reward for your time isn't worth the hastle. Unless you want fractions of pennies for your information and time, just don't bother. The last straw was asking me for detailed information about my income. Uninstalled.
Just petro points are available for points redemptions. Does not make sense in collecting the diamond points
Only allows you to sync steps with either Google Fit or a Fitbit. Carrot Rewards provided other syncing options and the rewards were better. Optimity is pretty much a waste of space on your phone.
Doesn't accept steps recorded on garmen watch / app....
Been trying to upload the profile for 20 minutes and it doesn't get nowhere so what's the point of even having it.
Over 5 weeks and a few emails (which haven't led to anything) still hasn't counted steps since it just randomly stopped. Almost three weeks, i can confirm it no longer works. I did contact them amidst the weeks ago and no solution. Was working, but the last two days it just shows zero steps. It is linked to Google fit and was working fine til then. Tried Uninstalling and disconnecting Google fit and reconnecting. Google fit is showing steps and is syncing with another app fine.
Step counting doesn't work.. just questionnaire..
The steps aren't syncing. They are actually going backwards at times.
Stopped connecting to my fitbit after a couple of weeks. Now I get nothing.
This is a big dissapointment. From display problem, poor interface , and lack of perks for participating. Promising perks to come, entries for an Amazon gift card, or a car wash? The first carrot app was much better, I would not recommend this app at all.
Awful rewards (use rewards to read a website you can Google???), they treat essential oils as a valid medical treatment, and deleting your account is pain. Shame on Amica for supporting this and shame on this app for giving out harmful pseudoscience as fact.
I thought I would live this app and was really hoping to, but it is not counting my fitbit steps, and it will not send me the code to verify my email! Would not recommend at this point in time, or until the app starts to work for me!
I cant get past the question where you answer answer why you downloaded the app...
The original carrot app acctualy gave you points in a rewards app of your choice instead of having to spend over a year to earn a bottle of coca cola at Petro Canada.. instead of earning points for walking you earn points from surveys Wich you can spend on a chance to win a gift card to Amazon... Or an iPhone.... Or something else I don't care about..m the original app was soo much better..
App stopped auto syncing with Google fit after 5 days, no option of manual syncing.
The app didn't let me choose Canada as my location.
App counts steps for a couple of days then stops counting them for 4 or 5 days. Very inaccurate. Maybe it's their way of limiting rewards points. Very disappointed. Carrot was 10 times better.
The app doesn't allow me to enter my email or password to sign up... It simply doesn't work... I tried putting my finger on the text and the keyboard doesn't appear... It doesn't let me type anything
Wonderful idea, I was super happy carrot was back, however the failure to sync is worse then the first run. Therefore, I uninstalled it Again as I was a beta user for awhile after getting a well branded phone it was no better.
There is some sort of syncing bug with Android and Google fit and it's happening with my friends and family too. It will sync like normal but on the last update needed to get over the daily goal, it won't refresh consistently and I've lost many days of points because of it. Tried everything from constant refresh, logging out and syncing to Google fit again.
Just downloaded it and it won't even let me sign up. Its frozen on the screen to put in your email.
It stopped counting my steps...i have been at 0 for two days. Please help
I can't verify my email deleting App
Had over 2000 diamonds now half are gone. What's up. Not happy at all if this is the way it works this app will be gone from my phone. Was having fun doing quizzes. But if the remove my diamond what's the point.
Tested the beta version and it was so much better than the current version. Current version doesn't sync properly with Android. Losing the challenge because if it. Garbage app and not gonna use it anymore. The points isn't worth the headache
Please create a way for my Samsung activity tracker to sync with the app.
Step integration with Google fit stop working for over a week.
So disappointed. Earned diamonds is for raffle entry of gift cards draw, diamonds reward is not for real gift card.
Does not work well with fitbit. Won't update steps even after phone shut down and reboot
I tried to sign up and complete my profile but I keep getting "unspecified error" at the last step. I verified my email address but when I try to log out and back in it just brings me back to the beginning of creating a profile Not a good first impression that it's already buggy.
Can't add fitbit.I signed out uninstalled & signed in after reinstalling as thought it might fix but only wiped out my information & made me create my profile all over only thing that didn't change was my sign in information.What was the point of creating or should I say recreating my account if it won't save if I have to Uninstall.Now have sent people my code & it isn't the correct one cause it changed too.Asks for feedback & can't give through app had to go through here. Pretty rough start
It keeps asking me for a code even though I clicked the email verification link. Tried uninstalling and reinstalling twice.
No cursor to put in email at login screen, no keyboard to enter email address. Galaxy S9
Lots of glitches and errors. Can't challenge anyone because my steps do not show towards the challenge.
consistantly fails to sync the last few steps to complete the daily goal. Either a scam, or a bug that conveniently makes it more difficult for users to earn rewards. Either way, it's very frustrating.
Doesn't consistenty sync. Rewards don't update. Challenges dont always track.
I was so excited to have this app again, but once I downloaded it I was just disappointed. I own a Samsung watch, but can't connect to Samsung Health to track my steps, rendering the app totally useless. Wasting points on a draw for a gift card is pointless. I don't collect Petro Points because I don't drive. I seems kind of odd that an app for being more physically active would partner with a gas station in the first place. What a waste of time.
Garbage app with long loading times and terrible cloud sync. Carrot worked so much better.
Did not recognize my steps yesterday now I am only getting 100 points per day this is just madness now I'm losing out, get your stuff together, I did over 6 thousand points and it did not recognize who's gonna give me my 500 points for yesterday!!!!!! Can optimity help me get my points back and fix this or what
WHY IS STUFF GETTING IN THE WAY WHEN I WANT TO DOWNLOAD A SIMPLE MOD :(
When the original Carrot app came back online, I put my email in the wait list, and now just found out that this app has been runing for awhile now, without any notification. Thanks for letting us know! (sarcasm in case you missed it)
WORST Customer Service -- I sent an email about not receiving 1000 Gems after my friend signed up using my code (I watched her do it to ensure it was entered correctly), AND RECEIVED NO RESPONSE AND IT'S BEEN DAYS! They have the ability to flood my inbox with marketing emails though, but not to ACTUALLY ASSIST ME. This "Carrot Rewards" revival is an utter disappointment that also has frequent "step sync failed" errors too.
Not carrot...never will be!
Says my verification email link is invalid if they email it to me uninstall forget this
I do not like this version at all. Not everyone can afford to have an rxtra tracking device. The original version, Carrot, used my phone's built in step tracker - so much easier. Will be uninstalling this.
No Samsung health integration. Makes this pointless.
Like others, I installed the app because of Carrot. Plus: Lots of surveys to earn your credits so they can build a profile on you for advertising. Negative: The sync doesn't work. At all. Reaching out to support is deafening -- I tried, and heard nothing in return. Meaning, the app doesn't do one of the primary things it says it is going to do. They are also building a profile on you for advertising. So after a week of the sync not working, I asked myself... why? Why would I want this installed? I couldn't find a compelling reason, since the rewards require so much time and work above and beyond what you get out of it. The best parts of Carrot were in the community with others who also wanted to be active. With the sync fundamentally broken and the effort/reward curve being so out of sync... I honestly didn't think it worth it to keep it installed. You might feel differently, which is totally ok. It just wasn't worth it for me.
It's useless. I got as far as the welcome screen. That was it, there was nowhere to go from there.
Pointless app. Just signed up for promos and deleted. I keep wondering who even makes these useless apps and wastes their money.
Sounds like it will be good once the bugs are out. Right now it doesn't work with Samsung devices (which is what I have) so this could explain why it won't track my steps.
The rate of earning rewards id not appealing/worth it to use the app at all
Is not very flexible. I cannot scroll back to see how much steps I have done. Also, cannot know if the draw is over and did I get it or not
Not worth the download. Carrot Rewards actually had rewards, Optimity has two weekly draws for an Amazon gift card, probably fake as the email with the prize details never comes. The other rewards are Petro Points which are pretty useless, it would take a few weeks to earn enough to save a measly 25 cents on gas.
I was all excited to sign up but I wear a Garmin device and it didn't have a way to sync my Garmin account to track steps.
When I was first allowed access to the app as a beta tester I used the rewards I earned to get a discount for a Garmin watch (my Fitbit just died so I figured I would try it out). A few weeks later Optimity no longer syncs with Garmin. Support told me they are working on it, but it's been months.
Carrot have sensible rewards. This is not it. This is worthless rewards. Im out
All was good until today. The app is no longer registering my steps. I use Google Fit. Google Fit is still working and recording my steps. Sync is broken.
I thought this was to be the new Carrot app. The rewards aren't worth the effort and like someone else said you can google and get the same answer. I also wonder if anyone monitors the step challenges? One person has well over 3 million steps on day 17. That's almost 100 steps a minute 24 hours a day. To be on top to get points for these rewards why bother? I do like the idea of the personal goals but I exercise daily anyway.
App doesnt work. Wont take a password. Wont accept the one I created. Doesnt send you an email verification code. Not worth my time. Uninstalling...they tell me to email support..but they dont respond to emails.
I've loaded, uninstalled and reloaded the app on my android phone 3 times but it won't let me type in email address or password to create an account. Screen just freezes on email/password page
Cannot sync with Samsung Watch. Too bad.
Does not sync with most products
Should be able to set your steps some people are disabled and cannot do 6000/day.
For the last 3 weeks, it just won't syn with my Google Fit, all my multipers are gone. Developer, can you fix the issue plz.
The app was working perfectly, but now won't sync with my google fit.
Will not update me to the correct version. I sent a request to my coworker, they accepted but is not on my friends.list. they have the newer version, I do not. Will not update to it either. Disappointing. . App is now not syncing my steps accurately. Makes is hard to gage if you've hit the atop goal or not and with friend challenges as well.
Good premise, but rewards are too small or non existent. Not worth the effort. Should have an automatic reward feature too. Having to select every reward 15 times is really tediou and frustrating.
Wouldnt even let me sign up
This app is not as good as carrot. it gives you fewer points for fewer reward option. The only reward you can get is petro points there is not even a petro canada gas station in my community. With the carrot app id earn so many reward points a day and get a free movie at cineplex every 3 months a $12 value. With optimity I will earn 30 cents of petro points a month. The app also does not work with Samsung health which is what is pre-installed on my phone..
Rewards are garbage. App is trash. All the anticipation for nothing.
I unistalled it. Pointless for me without Garmin integration. Thebwebsite aays you can use your wearables, they forgot to put an asterisk and mention not Garmin.
Poor reward system. You're entering into lotteries you won't win. Nothing like the old app where you can earn Scene points and build up to actually useful rewards.
The app doesn't open and doesn't record my steps.
This is a terrible life, it doesn't count all of the steps that is transferred over from Google fit or Samsung fit. It absolutely won't pick up any steps you do on a treadmill or exercise. It's pretty useless there is no way to change any of the settings or understand in any way what it picks up. It's a real waste of time don't bother
App needs a ton of work
It doesn't count my steps! I purchased another app to be able to sync my Samsung active watch to google fit so it would count for this app and it doesn't even work. It doesn't sync my google fit steps even though I have done everything possible for it to work. Also the rewards suck. I miss carrot :(
Always told one thing but noone follows through was told we would be compensated to do the beta testing and here 8 months later still nothing noone helps when the app glitches I'm done using it
The app is totally useless because it will only record steps with a Fitbit or Google fit device and not my Android phone like the previous app did. And the rewards offered are pretty much useless to me.
If I could give zero or negative stars, I would. There's no rewards for using this app. They give you points to enter a raffle. I bought 630 entries into one raffle to make a point. Of course, I didn't get picked. All that work for ZERO rewards. But a lottery ticket, better chances and don't need to work your butt out. Better yet, find another app.
I Uninstalled it. The ads talk about earning gift cards for being active. The only reward available is a entry into a drawing for a weekly gift card. It's false advertising. Plus it's only 10 gems a day for hitting you fitness goals everything else comes from surveys. If I wanted to take a bunch of surveys, I will do it through an app that actually pays in cash or gift cards, not a once a week chance at a drawing for a gift card.
Terrible re-launch of carrot. The 'rewards' are raffles now and can not get anything for most of the time. Will not keep it on my phone.👎🏻
App doesn't load properly with my fitbit and online support is non-existent.
when will it work with Garmin?
Tried logging in today, and it's asking me for my zip code, but I live in Canada and already have an account. Not giving me any options other than to reset my password
After the relaunch, the app is not compatible with Samsung health. This was a major disappointment for me. Unfortunately because of that reason I am no longer using this app. Very upset about this.
Can't even register
I have no where where i can claim any of these rewards. No petro place that has this card locally or the rewards card. Scene points at least I could save an use. Two choices total let down. I will be deleting.
Misleading app
App is stupid. Why the hell is the reward system for keeping up steps based on raffles? That isn't encouraging at all to use this app. Static rewards are a must for success for this app.
A "chance" to get a 50 dollar Amazon gift card. Yeah sure ill stick with the apps that have legit rewards, and not just a "chance" at a reward.
Points are worthless
I joined this app because of a friend that has a petro points card but did not realize that there were no other options for rewards that were actually usable for me. There is really little use for this app with such a bare rewards system. It would be nice to see scene points come back, I actually used tbat.
Been safe
Inaccurate figures. Today news reports 800+ hospitalizations in NJ, and the app says 172. What's the purpose of this if it's not even factual???
It keeps freezing after verifying my age. Still not working for me. I have a galaxy 8+.
Work in an emergency room and downloaded to see how accurate the alerts would be. I assumed I would have to turn off the notification from being alerted to much. To my surprise I haven't been alerted once in over a month of having the app even after being in direct patient care with positive cases.
Doesn't work on my Galaxy note. I get an error message. Might be my settings.
When the Middlesex Co health dept called me 6 days after my + test, the woman I spoke with knew about the app, but knew nothing about giving me a 6 digit verification code. If it's not her job to give it out (as the app says it is), then whose it is? This app isn't working the way it claims to be. If people can't tell the app they're + then no close contacts are being alerted through the app. Why does the health dept (at least Middlesex Co) not know to give out this code?
Not very helpful. I've NEVER been alerted of being or coming into contact with someone whose known to have covid19. This app is just an invasion of my privacy!
Not fun
Absolutely worthless. Contracted covid from a person that contracted covid while in hospital. The contact tracer was not able to get the 6 digit code I needed for the app. Also Drs are refusing to test likely positive people. There's no way to use the app as intended without a test or a code, don't bother with the invasion of privacy.
2019 US deaths be4 Pandemic: 2.85 mil 2020 US deaths After Pandemic: 2.83 mil Per C.D.C. Say no to fascism. Say no to this garbage app..
Same as others, can't get past set up.
Totally useless. We had people saying they had it just to set off red flags. This is based on the honor system and that hasn't been something people done in a very long time.
Graphs of the data are basically useless without the ability to filter on the last 30 days. The data from March-April dominates the plotted ranges which makes it difficult to determine the actual covid cases and deaths that are occurring now.
Nj tax dollars at work. Highest death per mill. in usa. Solid use of funds jersey.
Error 1002 when trying to use. Won't run
The contact alert feature is bordeine comsumer fraud .has it zctually od contact by anyone why are comments going oy back to decembet
I get to the getting started screen and my phone freezes and then says app isn't responding. I've tried on WiFi, ice tried with WiFi off. Same result each time.
Does not run on my Samsung Note 10+, should be zero stars....and no tech support
Cannot even finish setup poor development. Simple alert app should not be inconvenient to use if it is most people won't go through the headache of setting it up. This fix should be top priority. Poor development something like this should be more easily usable.
Having Bluetooth on always is not realistic plus it never alerted once. Dont waste the space on your phone for this app. Very disappointing
Do nothing
This application shouldn't just depend on Bluetooth to operate, it should use a Wi-Fi signal. I hate turning on my Bluetooth, don't think it's safe for my health.
Not interested anymore
Man and woman is a tging
Stop promoting this retarded app
Does not work. Good idea but shame on NJ for not developing it right so it works. This could really keep people safe if they did it right. Dissapointing but thats no surprise given our government and the state of the world.
Doesn't work I get an error code. Maybe year before distributing
104 error when trying to use the app. Turning off wifi doesn't work
Total Control over all of us.
I have downlozded the ap vut it only allowed me to go part way. I I get an error code 1002.
After initial set-up, there is an "error 1002" code. The app has that one bug.
The stupidest app ever. It is relying on the people who use it to be honest and informed. Right! Come on, how likely is that? Verification pin? Your still relying on people to admit they might be sick, get tested and then be honest enough to share that info. Good luck with that. Also. The people who are at the most risk are the ones who are the least likely to know how or want to use a cell phone app
It just... doesn't get past the start page. Please, ask someone to help you fix this app.
Your "ENABLE EXPOSURE ALERT" button has not worked since its launch. Gone into settings > exposure alert > enable and NOTHING. Have an Android phone but know of iPhone users with the same problem. Located in Morris County, NJ. PLEASE FIX THIS!!
Did not work. Got an error code
It's not mine but it's on my phone
Doesn't do anything useful.
It just doesn't work on a phone like Galaxy S10 plus
doesnt work
Not very useful. The app only works, if someone who had or has COVID is using it too! It DOES NOT just detect people with Covid and alert you. I uninstalled it after a week of nothing and especially after 5 people tested positive where I work and the app never alerted me! It's really a waste of time.
Numbers are not being updated "Current COVID hospitalization" has remained unchanged for weeks (459) I will uninstall app and consider reinstalling if issue is fixed.
Doesn't work. Got error code 1002.
Not very useful.: 1. You must have and utilize a smart phone 2. You must have it activated 3. You must report your status daily 4. You must be in close contact with an infected person for too long and they must have reported they have symptons 5. Will it be compatable with apps from other states
I tested positive yesterday, but there is no way to tell the app. I can only report symptoms. Apparently I need a 6 digit code from some health department to let the app know I was positive. So until I get that code nobody who was in proximity to me will get a notification and will therefore keep spreading the 'rona.
Doesn t even work . What a joke .
Can't get pass the 2nd screen during the setup process.error code 1002 (Your Data page) uninstalling until you get your act together and fix this.
Looks like it a 3 year old designed it and the check in feature makes no sense
I haven't seen anyone reported positive yet.
Psycho Phil Murphy is a Marxist Dictator.
Would like for it to work. But getting error code 104. Tried downloading and installing with no wifi, and still no good.
Unnecessary app. This is government overreach. If I could give it negative stars, I would.
battery and system hog
Welcome to the peoples republic of new jersey. The state wants you to install a tracking app that is always running in the background, what could possibly go wrong. We don't need a tracking app to protect ourselves from the China Virus, just use common sense, wear a mask and don't mingle with strangers.
New phone and this app doesn't download on wifi or data.
Doesn't work tried five times will not download
It doesn't work!
Once you tap on the option "Exposure Alert" to Activate, then you can't turn it off! And so it's using up my Data to perform checks when I'm all alone! I just Uninstalled the thing.
I spend most of my time at home, and this app constantly harasses me to turn on my location. I use my phone a lot, and I don't want to waste the battery. This is more inconvenient to me than it is helpful.
Not made for Chromebook. Most of the app is chopped off and missing. This is made for phones only it seems.
Error code 1002
#PRESIDENTSTEVENKING #STEVENKING I KNOW THE CURE FOR COVIDE, FDA APPORVED ME TO RESEarch
Getting error code 1002 when trying to open
I don't have Covid yet... But this app seems to assume everyone has COVID, and don't have COVID was not an option... So how is this going to help me as a doctor who comes in contact with patients daily....
This isn't Orewellian enough. Where's the feature to call the authorities on someone who's breaking quarantine? Maybe start making armbands for the infected. Stars maybe?
Its not working. Saying "error loading page" for two days straight. I uninstalled & re installed, same message
I can't get the app to work on my Galaxy S9. I verified I'm over 18 and on the permission page I can't continue; I received an Error code 1002. I work in retail and would love to now if I'm in any further danger!
Bluetooth is required to be on all the time and the features are hard to understand
Invasive. I'm not walking around with an app checking for covid people, or sending out a signal I might have it. Straight out of a horror movie! Paranoia against our neighbors and community, anyone? Want me to wear a little sticker that says I'm "infected," or "not infected," especially with flu season coming up, come on guys. This is awful. I'm not going to check the guy on line if he has a little red tracer around him. I see the problems that will happen & no way will be part of it. Grow up!
Is our health department this bad? You cannot stop the spread. Its not possible. You can slow the spread, as a matter of fact thats what the CDCs goal is to slow the curve. Social distancing and wearing masks will just slow the spread. Standing 6 ft away from people and wearing masks doesnt make you immune to the disease. Its been proven to travel past 6 feet and can survive on things like your cell phone for hours. This is bad information that will give people a false sense of security
Got api error: google exposure notification api not available on this device
There's no way to indicate that you got COVID.l, for the app to even work. Both my gf and I have the app. I got COVID and it never told her. (And she got covid from me)
Can not get past screen turning on alerts. Error code 1002.
Shows negative daily deaths
nobody uses it
Bogus
Do not like this app
Good
This platform is terrible. I can't make it through a whole video without it locking up. The only way to fix it is to close out and reopen the app, which starts the video from the beginning. There's no way to reopen the timer if you accidentally close the app. The timer is still running, but you can't reopen it from where you left off. I haven't tried reentering my food info to see if that works, but maybe? I may try and see. Still kind of ridiculous.
I cud not even create an account. It just kept asking me to login
This "new version" doesn't seem to include the community feature which is referred to in many lessons. Will they be adding it?
App will not log me in with my google account. Does not respond or leave login page when google account selected.
This new app version does not work using social sign-in...keeping the old version of the NS app until this is fixed.
Does not work for sign in
Cannot log in using Google account.
Videos keep stalling in the middle or near end and if you have to restart the app you have to watch the whole thing over again. Advice on NSTown is not personalizes for help with topics, just regurgitation of the videos.
The new App is worse the other one 🤨🙁😖😫😩😱 If you have the old one keep it. Do not down load the New one.
You guys ruined the few good things this app had, now you need to look for the diary, there is no longer the sound after 10min or the break, you need to scroll down forever to save a meal, previous version wasn't beautiful but worked
It doesn't let me login with my Google account.
No create an account option. Can't get started.
Just started, and the app was a poor first impression. As noted in other reviews, the videos and the whole app froze over and over. I probably force-stopped the app six times to unfreeze it to get through the week-one videos. How did this ever get past testing and released to production?!
Don't understand why they changed this app. I couldn't find the videos on this new app for NS4Life. I'm uninstalling and using the old app.
The other naturally slim app is way better. Can't even login to this one with google sign in.
I'm not sure exactly what was wrong with the old app. I have to go through so many more steps to do anything and now just found out that when I watch videos in landscape view, the bottom is cut off because the banner at the top won't go away. Please bring back the old app. ETA - week 17 video just stopped playing and now I can't advance to pledge which btw does not allow me to enter a custom pledge. ETA 2 - week 18 video will not play. This is awesome. I'm beginning to be in a very bad mood.
Cant login usin gmail
I hate this new app it is hard for me to see the features. I am visually impaired and you need a dark mode. I will continue using the old app I can see it better and It is easy to use.
It's not logging on my android phone
I'm tired of getting texts to try the new updated app. I can't log in and support said to use the website, so I can't access the timer or any other items that may be in the app. I've lost weight, but have little confidence in their underlying technology.
Cannot login with my gmail which is connected to my Naturally Slim account.
The program itself is great. However there is no sound for the timer when time is up. Also no prompt asking if you're ready to move on to the next phase within the timer and it just starts the next phase. Very frustrating and I do not like this new app. I have been using the old app for the timer because it has those things. Support hasn't been super helpful about it and only saying they'll note it for the product team.
The program is fine, but the app itself keeps breaking: you'll watch a video, it dies in the middle, and then you have to research the entire video. Let me skip ahead to the next video if your app is going to keep breaking.
Not good it locks up every other time I use it. And can't find a easy spot to fine the meal savers list.
This app is useless - now being forced to give personal info plus being forced to upgrade to a premium membership of $10 per month - wish I had read the comments before downloading the new app :-(
I installed and uninstall this app befor login, the force you te accept spam email or you can't create an account.
Why conpletely change a fine working app to spying garbage? I want to track my values, I don't want you to track my whereabouts!
Will not transfer notes with BP reading.
OMRON app wants a ton of your personal information and to be allowed to share before you can use the app. DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE unless that is what you are looking to do.
Old app was perfectly fine, new app will not sync my last month's worth of blood pressure tracking and won't sync anything new. Bring back the older app.
Great blood pressure monitor. Horrible Apps, latest one now with pay wall feature. Use Google Fit or a third party app and just manually record; it's easier and works consistently. Link via Bluetooth works maybe 33% of the time. App has a hard time with Android permissions as well. Makes relinking a hassle. App to Google Fit integration works based on moon phases or some other flux in the space time continuum. I use this integration with other apps all the time and it just works. Buggy mess.
I've tried several times and the app will not pair with my device.
Buggy as heck, pairing and synchronizing with this app is hit or miss at best. Suggest looking at any other device other than Omron.
This rating is for the app only. I have a Samsung note 10 and I have tried so many ways to connect my phone. It acknowledged the Omron BP unit however will not pair. I was able to connect through Samsung Health app. So Samsung Health gets 👍 and Omron app gets 👎. Fix the app and I will try rating the app again.
can't take a screenshot? zero stars...
I love my BP5450 upper arm blood pressure monitor, but this app doesn't work for me whatsoever. The app installs on my Samsung Galaxy Note20 Ultra just fine. … The app is able to locate my BP5450 BPM and displays it correctly when I try to pair. … But despite more than 20 attempts to pair my BPM with the app on my Note20, nothing but pure fail. Maybe half those times, I'll get a Bluetooth alert asking if I'd like to pair the BPM, but even when I click OK, it fails. The only bright note is that I've been able to pair my BPM with the Samsung Health app, even though the BPM model isn't listed as one of the compatible "accessories", and is only recognized as a generic "OMRON" BPM. Hope you all have better luck with this than I've had. I really wanted to love this app, 'cause I've been an Omron fan for many years and I (and Consumer Reports) love the blood pressure monitors they make. ********* Updated 14 Jan. 2021: Just installed and tried the new version (22 Dec. 2020) of this app, but it still having the connection issue: won't connect to my Note20 Ultra with BP5450.
No love on Android! Received the Omron Gold BP Wrist Monitor for my B-Day and was excited to be able to pair and monitor the device via the Android app. Like many others who have posted, I have been unable to pair the device (via app) with my Samsung Galaxy Note 10. I do have a secondary device (iPhone11)....app works excellently on that device, easily paired first time up! Such a shame no love was given for Android!!
Omron sucks at BT synching. They no sooner worked the bugs out of the old 
app, then foist this one on us, & it wont synch.
Like others, forced to use this new app.  Hate it.  Old app was fine and simple.  This new one has to much clutter, added steps to do things, and doesn't sync good.  A major step backward.
This is a total waste of time and effort. It does not connect to the machine. The app keeps asking me to connect. I follow the directions to the letter and it doesnt connect. For the cost of the unit the app should work perfectly. Developers...go back to the coding room and fix this!!! After trying for a week to make it work...I've uninstalled this USELESS app
The device BP7000 does not sync with my app on Galaxy s20. Please fix the issue asap
Sense the up date my blood pressure want connect to bluetooth. I have tried all of their directions. Just dosen't work now!!
The permission it needs to register is so obvious for personal data collection! The high precision location requirement is especially intrusive and can drain my battery unduely! The blue tooth pairing and the data transfer are troublesome at best. The manual is written badly that not all op details are clear such as memory-full, measurement averaging, etc. The unit itself is good but the entire usage experience is ruined by what I can only surmise as marketing greedy-ness (app's new byupdate).
Horrible app and "service"
omron wants us to sign for ads to get Bluetooth sync. will return unit.
Worked the first day that I paired it. Next day no transfer can't find unit 
error. After a reading the unit syncs with imaginary something.
Was hoping this 'upgraded' app would finally allow me to pair my bp786 but alas, it will not. I haven't been able to sync my readings to an android phone since 2016 which makes this app absolutely worthless.
This upgraded app can't connect to my bp device correctly. I can see they connect via Bluetooth. At first app says there are no new readings for user 1, then it says it can't find the device. The device shows bi directional arrows OK. Please fix this flakey upgrade or restore old app. My device is not even 3 months old.
Terrible compared to previous version!
Won't update blood pressure reading keeping telling me there's no new reading Every time I change the batteries its a mess. I unpaired and tried to pair it and it won't pair.
Hate this garbage app, it's nothing but marketing garbage. And now they've disabled the better, older version so owners can no longer update their blood pressure readings. I will never buy another product from Omron again and will encourage others to do the same.
Wouldn't connect to my omron model BP786 monitor
Very poor. I was forced to upgrade from Wellness app to Connect app. The new app makes you share so much personal information right from the start; full name, birthday, location, etc. Why is location required for a bluetooth connection? After going through this annoying setup, it still doesn't work. It won't sync my BP readings from my Omron Series 10. It seems to now require a subscription, $9.99/month or $99/year. No thanks! All I need is a simple way collect BP readings for my doctor.
It worked in August. Now it won't pair. It lost the pairing and won't pair. What is this? Bait and switch so you got me to buy the ecg unit? Because THAT works.
Excellent BP machine, but unresponsive app. It will not pair with my Android smartphone.
I had been using Omron Wellness app for years and it always worked great, until it told me I needed to Upgrade to "Omron Connect", so I did.  The new App connects ok, and readings show up on my phone, but they don't sync up online anymore. Months worth of my data are also missing now when i Login to the Wellness web page. Also I used to be able to create a nice report of my readings but now I can't. So you call this an UPDATE??
Junk. Errors when trying to transfer. Tried multiple devices. Even iOS. The manufacturer clearly just doesn't care.
Used to work before the big ekg added update. Now won't pair to the same phone it used to work with If you want high blood pressure try paring it to your phone
Like the other users before me rating this product and its online app I feel that we have been short changed regarding our privacy and the convenience of synchronize our phone app with the Omron blood pressure monitor. I'll be returning the monitor and finding another one from the competition that will do exactly what we it was designed to do without infringement in our privacy.
Unable to transfer existing readings from BP761N to the new app. Had to enter my readings manually. Older app was working way better.
Lost all of my old readings. I think it's pretty stupid that they come out with a new app that doesn't have the capability to retrieve the old readings you had on the old app. Why not just upgrade? Ridiculous. It would suck to have been someone that was recording them for their doc.
OMRON can be rearranged to say MORON What a POSA. I bought a BP 786 brand new from Walgreens and it will not pair with my NOTE 10 PLUS phone. Customer service is so STUPID that they have no idea what to do.
this app used to work entirely stand-alone and offline, ensuring i had privacy to my data. Omron has recently changed this app to require you to log into a web hosted service where my personal and private information is now stored on their cloud servers with a new EULA that allows them to use my personally identifiable data for their own monetary gains. They have essentially broken their original contract with me from when i originally purchased their product.
This is the most frustrating app I've ever dealt with. Just purchased a new Omron Evold. The app does not pair to the device. I have a Samsung Note 20 Ultra. I spent almost 2 hours trying to pair it. It obviously doesn't work with newer smart phones. I am returning this device getting a Withings. Update: I was able to bypass the Omron app and connect the blood pressure machine straight to Samsung Health. Works flawlessly. Omron how does your product work with a third party app and not its own?
it's really too bad -0- stars is not an option. load out data one item at a time now and disconnects in between load out/upload. other features that are actually useful to share the data with my doctor which is the primary reason is was puchased are now "premium services". no format for viewing the data. all in all they screwed up I spent over 60 bucks on the machine and initially loved the first app. this app blows and I will be buying another product next time. I doubt they read these reviews..
App don't work with my LG phone... .
No choice about upgrading. Won't finish loading. Bad choice Omron.
will not pair to my only 1 week old monitor. sending monitor back.
Terible after this update. They want all your info.And its hard to find all my recordings. Also can't connect. UNINSTALL imidiatly
Would not connect to my BP 786can monitor.
This app is horrible. The old one worked perfectly fine and was simple to use. Give back the old one please!!!
Terrible app. Previous version worked, not this one and needs to know too much. Do not install.
Absolutely refused to connect to LG V20. Have tried for days. Was 
unreliable, but worked, with the old app Omron Wellness.
I was satisfied with the old app, until it stopped working and I was forced to download this new app. I Do Not like this new app and because there is no other that will work with my one month old Omron bp monitor I will now be using my one month old Omron Bluetooth bp monitor without the Bluetooth function I paid for. I will not be recommending any Omron branded products to anyone and I will be uninstalling this worthless app which wants me to pay for the premium version in order to access any useful functionality.
Good
This app is really at best worth 1/2 a star. Rather than deal with the hassel of trying to get my information. I found another app which is very user friendly and the reports are very easy to read. The other app was better.
POS app. It can't even pair the BP cuff to my phone thru the app. Really? I'm returning the product AND giving it a bad review on Amazon.
HORRIBLE!! MY BLOOD PRESSURE WENT TO STROKE LEVEL TRYING TO PAIR THIS WITH MY SAMSUNG NOTE 10 PLUS!! This is ridiculous that an app won't connect thru Bluetooth. How hard is it to get that right!? Uninstalling this garbage app before I have a stroke trying to pair the app to my BPM so that I can track my blood pressure! Pretty counterintuitive... just saying!
Cannot pair: worse than the older Wellness app.
worked fine until recent upgrade lost all my data and is now asking for money to get premium. 68 years old and this change is difficult to find how app works. I am going back to manual log of pressure
Software hasn't ever worked since I upgraded to the Note 8 when it came out. Worked fine on my Note 3, but it never shows up in the app store for that phone. Very disappointed.
Very had to navigate and why does it need my gps location or ecg reading I only use blood pressure unit.
will not get information from device , worked before this new app
Update: The new app requires a premium subscription for the "email results" feature ... for ... GET THIS ... $99/yr. So while the new version is MUCH better at transferring reading, I still give it a THUMBS DOWN. Hate the new Omron app. The blood pressure graphing is useless and the interface is clunky and amateurish. I hope I can go back to the old app.
Detects monitor but won't sync
Does not work, will not let me even register
This app SUCKS !!! Forced to upgrade from Omron Wellness to this stupid thing. I hate it! I also am very upset that I was forced to do it and I have no option to revert back to Omron Wellness!! keeps asking me to upgrade to premium but never tells me what you get for premiums I have no use for that. The Only EKG I'm going to get his at the doctor's office. I only gave it one star because it didn't have an option for me to give it -5
Don't require my GPS location! The old app didn't require my location and now my account has been migrated to the new app which breaks the use of the old app. I won't be syncing to my phone anymore. I should have bought something else since Omron is now data mining. Shame on you Omron!
You shouldn't have to login to track your health.
they switched from a simple easy to use helpful app to a money grab identity stealing app?
GARBAGE! WILL NO LONGER SYNC TO TRANSFER READINGS!
Update on new app, 06-07-19. Omron was nice enough to notify me that they had updated this app, so I thought I would give it a try one more time. Same results with my phones. Customer support told me the app will not work with Samsung's phones running Android V9 software. They are aware of problems and might have a fix in future. It seems like they would place more emphasis on the major brands. If you are Samsung user, look for another monitor if you want connectivity. NOT RECOMMENDED AT ALL
The app does not work.
This product is beyond awful..to require a person to allow personal info to use blue tooth app..90megs!-and to allow this material to be transmitted who knows where..and then want other personal info..this is outrageous .. you need to change a lot of things about your product!!!
It didn't pull over all of the readings from my monitor.   The last 2 weeks are missing.   Even though I can see them on the monitor,  the app doesn't see them.    After that, why does it need my location?
it sucks. lost all my data for my Dr appt tomorrow. the old app worked.
can not get alivecore or omron blood pressure monitor to link will not let me reset password. Should have left well enough alone, this new program is junk
Useless
I updated your app. when I open your app it tells me I need to update it. Fix it!
this app doesn't pair with ny phone this app is garbage!
this app is annoying. can't display graphs, can't export reports unless you upgrade to premium for $99.00 per year. cheaper to buy other BP monitor like ihealth which has useful app. I will soon throw out this unit
Good until april 2020. I got an update and now it wont transfer data. I was using it as a way to email my doctor my bp to keep medications balanced. I had to get a new phone put the app on this one and still no good.
My phone is on with Bluetooth enabled. It can pair up with devices in a another room. The phone is two feet away from the cuff. I press the pairing up symbol on the cuff like the app instructions say and tap "Pair Now" and then a window pops up telling me "Enable Location Services. It looks like location is OFF You must enable Location Services in order to connect to a device." I tap "Settings" on the message which takes me to the phone's Location settings screen. Location service --IS-- TURNED ON!! I exit out of that, and I am returned to the OMRON pairing popup up window. Endless loop. I look at my phone's bluetooth and scan for devices, but no OMRON device shows up. First of all why should I even have to have an account? Why can't I just save my information to the phone? Why do they need to know where I am? I don't want my information stored on some remote server where. THEY DON'T NEED ALL THIS INFORMATION. I am returning it and getting my money back NOW.
It sucks completely and i am not kidding! They better get back with the co that made the first app or Omron is going down at best
It does NOT work! Every time I try to transfer my new data, it keeps showing "No New Readings"! I reseted the Bluetooth several times, and nothing else happened!
Isn't up to par with quality apps in 2018.
Can't pair. Charges to store a few KB of readings.
The pairing wirh the monitor rarely works.
Not liking the new app
The app required that I accept the privacy policy and terms of service but would not display them. The app also required that I accept marketing emails and "that I would be able to opt out in the future". Why not allow me to opt out now?
What is with this new app! Old one worked perfectly. It was intuitve, easy to use and navigate, and best of all did not require me to accept a bunch of check boxes that would allow this company and its marketing partners to send me unsolicited emails. I did not require Omron to check a bunch of boxes off when they accepted my money. I purchased this product a few months ago based on reviews and comments I read here but will be returning it because of this new application.
new app forced upon the users. utterly unable to connect my BP786 to my galaxy s8. absolutely useless. if you have the forethought to check these reviews before purchasing a device I highly recommend any other brand than Omron. if i could give this app zero stars i would.
angry af... the app won't even download! I've made sure that it's not my phone. Other apps are downloading fine.
Won't pair with my Omron BP768. It finds the monitor, just won't pair. I 
tried for almost an hour with no results. Doesn't work for me.
i just don't i the app, bring the old one back
App makers have no respect for patients. Can only see 2.5 entries on the screen at a time, listings are backwards. Lots of fun to copy values out without errors. Intrusive ads. This is supposed to be a medical device. Please do not support omron. I feel like a bait and switch has been pulled
Waste of Time
I refuse to pay for an app that was an INCLUDED feature of the Omron device 
I purchased. More gouging by health-care companies.
Why do you my medical data for me to use this app? Ahhh, no. I'll pass. What a bunch of fascist garbage.
App won't link to the monitor Difficult to use
It stopped sync up with my phone
Wont pair
no longer has web based, so you can print graphs,wants you to upgrade to 9.99 per month to send data to your doc..r u kidding?
No pairing success
Does not sync with Android 10.
Still will not pair to my android phone. It has been this way for years and may different Android phones. Keep hoping that they will get this app working right. But it still the same.
Won't pair. Junk
This app looks like it was implemented by amateurs, VERY lacking in basic features, and poorly tested.. As just one example, there is no obvious way to edit BP readings that have been transferred to the app (e.g. delete some or all of them) Let me share with you a longer-winded example of how stupid and amateurish the implementation of this app is: Having transferred some BP readings from the device to the app running on my android phone (thank goodness that worked, see other reviews for people that had worse luck) I wanted to export the data in some way. They allow you to export a "summary report" that I think is overly complex, gaudy and stupid, so I didn't want that option. They also provide you the option to export a CSV file "to Email". When you do this, they give you a list of apps that you might want to send it to. I chose QuickEdit, hoping that the data would show up as a text file. My QuickEdit did open, but with no apparent data. I decided to try again, using something like Gmail. BUT EVERY TIME I TRIED AGAIN, THE APP NO LONGER ALLOWS YOU A CHOICE BUT JUST STUPIDLY TRIES TO SEND TO WHERE YOU SENT LAST TIME. MOREOVER, THIS CONDITION PERSISTS EVEN IF YOU UNINSTALL OMRON CONNECT AND REINSTALL IT. After talking to Omron customer support who had never heard of this problem before (and by the way, there is no good help on the web for issues like this), we came up with the idea of deleting the app it was trying to send to. If you do that, after a LONG pause, Omron connect will finally again ask you where you want to send the data. I tried Gmail, and that worked: You get an email started with the data attached as a CSV file. So what the feature really implies is: You'd better pick the email apps we've tested with that we won't tell you, and goodness help you if you make a mistake.
This app and the previous versions are all horrible. Will not connect to BP786. Multiple updates brough hope of finally fixing the issue, but all failed. I have multiple Bluetooth devices and have no trouble setting them up or syncing. This app and device just don't work.
Does not allow screenshots. The summary is useless to my physician for our purposes. I know I can export to CSV but the display I get in the app is just fine for sharing quickly. Unfortunately, I can't. It won't allow it.
app was good until this latest update. I will no longer use the app if I have to create an account and upload my personal information. removing the app now
Doesn't work.
Loses connection after a few days.
horrible..broke perfectly working app
It won't create an account, app is worthless as is the bluetooth on the device, rated as #1 device by doctors, well it must be doctors being payed to rate it high, don't waste your money on this product.
gives away to much of my privacy rights.
This app SUCKS!! It connected and transferred originally now it doesn't at all anymore. Get the app to work correctly b4 you do anything else Omron
Consider return the device. Not working with my Samsung S10e. But works on old Android phone
it's really a shame that they force us to upgrade to this new program and it doesn't work. I get the message, "we weren't able to find you omron monitor. " I bought this monitor for the connectivity. what a mistake.
Trying to pair and transfer my readings is making my blood pressure go up its such a pain! Have the BP7000, paired just fine on day 1, day 2 could not locate device each time I wanted to transfer readings but went through after several attempts. Here I am on day 3 and had to force stop the app and unpair and repair several times to transfer my morning readings. Now will not pair and connect at all. Tried the app on my laptop and it kept turning off my location settings. Please help!!!
Could pair with the device but couldn't sync. Useless
Doesn't work. The old app used to be a little touchy about pairing. This new one simply throws away readings. It goes through a transfer on the cuff, same series of o's as the old app, then the app displays "no new readings". I can either write them down by hand or I.'m SOL. Hey OMRON, do the words "implied warranty of merchantability" mean anything to you? How about the words "class action"?
Okay do you even care about your customers!? I track my medications and BP on the app. So today there is an update so I do the update with other updates at the same time. But kittle did I know Omron decided to become greedy and take away my medications tracking and MY REMINDER! so I'm not feeling well and all of a sudden it hits me my medication I didn't take it, my mind gos to hmm my Omron app always reminded me. So I go into it to look and all my tracking is gone and no more reminder..fail!!
I used Omron Wellness for years. This new app made features from the old app premium {$99 per yearl. You can't revert to the old app. I'll be looking for a new brand of BP monitor.
It's Jan 2021- it's still not pairing. 2018- Ever since the update, it will not pair with my phone. For the cost, you'd think it would work.
can never connect and have to type my readings in manually. i did nit have any issues with the old app.
Need to update to latest android software release. Useless until third happens 2/29/20
After receiving an email from Omron I really thought this would work and still doesn't pair with an Android phone. Complete waste.
Used to work great with my omron blood pressure monitor. Updated to this reworked app and had never synced since. Now just continually get an error on my monitor display. Thanks for nothing omron. You just ruined the functionality of your product.
Forced to install the new app, but it won't pair with my Omron device. I followed troubleshooting instructions and still no go. useless app.
Loved the app until it updated. Now cannot connect to monitor. THIS NONSENSE MAKES MY BLOOD PRESSURE RISE.
App is mostly worthless unless you upgrade to premium for $99 a year.
It wont transfer data. I have to kanually put it in i can do that with any app. They need to stop advertising this feature ot dosnt work
I was only able to sync my results a couple of times in the past couple of years after sitting with the device for 1/2 an hour.
the new app is a disaster... graphics suck, they manipulate you to the premium version and charge you $9.95 per month!
App won't connect to device despite device and operating system being "compatible" per OMRON website. Useless.
Useless app if you want a stand alone program to track your readings with ZERO privacy risks
Not working 👎👎👎
Just opened the Wellness app to download my measurements only to be told there is a new version I have to download in the store. I downloaded it and it tells me to log in. I enter my credentials only to find it says they are incorrect. Tried numerous times, and the same thing. Went to the Omron Wellness site and my credentials work just fine. Tried one more time...still don't work in this app. Now I can't download my measurements. Not good.
I bought the meter for the free app and NOW they are going to charge 9 per mth. Never buy this meter again. This is bull.
The old app worked fine with Android. This one worked until it updated a few weeks ago and now it won't pair. Frustrating junk.
No Good.. just plugs ekg for sale. preferred old wellness app. Not given a choice, if you don't upgrade, the Wellness app screen stays blue, and you can no longer use it. don't offer a choice to return to Wellness app that doesn't shill the EKG machine. default screen is the one that asks for taking EKG reading. seems that the only option is to change vendors as they do not respond to emails, nor acknowledge that there is a problem with the forced change to connect.
Omron BP Monitors are excellent. This spp is terrible. There are frree apps that provide better reports,but you have to enter the data manually, which is easy to do Omron wants about $100 annually for their complete app. Zero stars.
Will not sync... My phone sees the unit but the app doesn't see $&!/ (anything). Don't bother...
Can not pair to my omron monitor. Tells me i need my location on which i turned on to pair and transfer data. Still does not work. After a year+ of the old app not working it finally does and they force you to a new application that has the same issues the first one original did. Very poor.
This app unfortunately is useless. While it finds and pairs with my 786N, it tells me it cannot find the unit to transfer new readings to the app. Since there's no USB connection on the unit I have no way of transferring data out of it except manually. while the Omron 10 is a great unit, the app is terrible and useless. I was better off with with another brand though that brand is less accurate. they have an app that works.
i want to go back to the original app this one sucks so bad
What the hell is wrong with this app!? Changes the year, doesn't load, doesn't let me enter info..... and when I messaged Support, they don't reply!?
Terrible app DO NOT LOAD its all about getting your personnel data and sending you bull. Move away from Omron these people should be jailed for privacy breach. If you do not agree to their infringement of your privacy you can not use the app. Bought a new monitor not from omron. This will never get published
Pure garbage. Will not transfer readings.
Does not allow filling of login password using native Android APIs, specifically when using LastPass. After I enter my LastPass PIN to auto-fill my login, Omron returns to the splash page instead of staying at the login page, therefore auto-fill never occurs. Keeps setting annoying reminders for me to take my BP even though I just took my BP! Reminders need some awareness. Very finicky Bluetooth connection- readings don't always transfer. Cant share BP reafings with other services.
I am using Evolv BP7000 Monitor form last 8 months, it work well with Vivo 7 an Android smart phone for 5 months. when I switched to iPhone XS, 3 months back my trouble started. Old data apperes in graphic field all bunch to gather. To resolve the issue Omron support has no response. Also there is no way to delete old data from Omron portal. In my opinion Omron support SUCKS. Mehta M J
Useless. Only works in US and Canada. If I move to another country, I can not use it? What's the point? Humiliate customers if they are from non-supported country?
Let me take a screenshot! There is no good reason to completely disallow screenshots. Absolutely insane that you block them.
can't connect to my phone! what kind of rubbish is this!?
Terrible
Would not sink up.
Noone should be forced to switch from one ap to another just to use a product but this omron ap did just that. Now, my ap no longer transfers my readings automatically so I'm forced to upload them manually. It also includes a lot of other functions outside of blood pressure monitoring that I don't need. This is not user friendly and takes up more time than I can afford.
The machine is fine. It's the app that sucks. Says it's paired but does not transfer info. Why do these developers have to change things when it is working just fine? Glad I didn't go premium!
horrible, since this new app i have been unable to download my data. Support is useless, why force people to a new app that doesn't support as many devices. i am using both a samsung tablet and s7 without success.
Logging in raised my BP more than anything I did today.when I called for tech support, the rude woman said "this is the way its done" hanging up on her made me feel much better. thats the way its done.
The app does not allow me to sign in. It says network error. I have never seen an app that does not allow you to sign in. Poor quality and does this mean its a waste of money that I have on this product. I did not have an option to select zero stars.. This will be my last product from Omron.
Worst company ever They forced to share you data and even forced you to 
send it to USA Stay away from OMRON products
Normally doesn't connect to monitor. I have to reset power on BP unit to get data to transfer. Now can't find server.
Does not transfer all data. Help page link is obsolete. Do not recommend. 1/10
The app is ok but $99 a year for a couple of reports is a rip-off when I've already paid over a hundred bucks for your BP Monitor. Total money grab and ripoff. There isn't enough added functionality in your premium subscription to warrant a one time $10 charge much less $99 per year.
Can't use the app without logging in. that's a no-go. I'll be returning the device.
My Omron complete pairs no issue with my phone I can see it in connected devices. In the app it never finds it
Doesn't find any new records. Works with other apps but not with the app 
made by company that makes device.
Unable to pair with the latest version. Samsung S8.
deleted old app, new one will not sync. disgrace and ignorance to say the least.
Phone can't find the device. The Bluetooth was the only reason why I bought this machine, and it doesn't work.
I'm very frustrated with this app. Sometimes it will pair, sometimes not. It'll be fine for a few days, then suddenly it stops transferring data. So, I unpair, forget the device, then back to the app and pair again. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. It's maddening because I'll do exactly the same thing with different results. I'm right next to the machine, batteries are fresh, but I've even plugged it in just to be sure. Is it not compatible with the Pixel 3xl?
Bad app. Trouble accessing phone. Writes a terrible CSV report placing spaces and commas incorrectly. The BP unit itself is very nice but its accompanying app is garbage.
After installing this app it deleted all my previous data and disabled the old app.
I used app to connect to the Omron model BP6350 wrist bp monitor. I purchased the monitor for the portability my first meter ever. When I started using it, the pressure was so high that I made an appointment with my Doctor. Turns out the meter sys was 30 points too high, and the dia was 25 points too high. When I contacted Omron they told me to send it to them and they would check it out. 4-6 weeks I would find out if my warranty would fix it. I took it back to walmart and got a different brand!
Trying to connect to Google Fit (so BP will go there with other information from other apps), but there is a bug in the app. When I click "Connect to Google Fit" after initial install, I get the popup to allow 2 settings, then it asks for the google accout to sync to, but there is another popup about EKGs (which I don't use/have setup) and after selecting the google account it appears like a screen hides but they arent actually connected. Trying to connect again has similar issue.
Read the privacy policy. Very invasive
Forced upgrade to this new third party app which requires my exact location in order to transfer my blood pressure readings to it. Really? Not to mention yet another "sign in" account that needs to be set up at just to run the app. This is getting out of control. My personal data is none of your business. Oh and it didn't even import my readings correctly. I lost last month. My readings are in the old app and still on my BP machine. Thank goodness for extended returns which I will be doing. Personally I thought the Omron brand was one of the better ones. But if I can't got to my data without jumping through hoops, I'll look elsewhere.
This app is an invasion of privacy and violates HIPAA laws. This not only wants to know all my contacts and all my personal info but it also wants to collect my physical information and my state of health and use it in whatever way they see fit. Not going to happen! I am reporting them to the FTC and the FDA. Google needs to remove this app.
You can not connect to your device without creating an omron account and agreeing to their data collection terms. This is unacceptable for a medical device.
Can't connect to bp6350
Since having to use the new app, been unable to transfer data from BP device. Have unpaired device and repaired and no luck. When does pair with device, says there is no new data to transfer. Old app was better.
Bluetooth does not work
Since I downloaded this new app I can't get it to sync at all to transfer my data. It is absolutely worthless!
Nothing more frustrating to get forced upgrade and lose you old data and not be able to sync to bp monitor. on android Samsung s4. old app worked great new app will not sync. I've removed old app. Removed from bluetooth settings and Re installed three times. still gives no data to sync . Sucks
Most important and basic function doesn't work, connecting the device to the app through bluetooth. I've tried it both on my Samsung and Huawei telephones and it keeps giving me the message that it can't detect the device despite all the settings being correct. There's an obvious reason why this app is rated by over 3,000 people as two stars
The BP machine itself is great quality and reliable however it does have pairing issues, my negative review is for the app only, and yes I'm tech savvy, I've gotten many things including cheap offbrand products to pair but not this thing, software is junk
The app needs some work. The monitor itself is excellent and has some nice features. The app only works on my phone (Android). A windows version would be nice. The app has a reporting function, but the week is not based on the last 7 days. There is no way to delete a reading. It takes a few steps to export the data to a CSV file. The ability to do that is great, it just could be a bit easier. The monitor will collect data for 2 users, but the app will only access data from one user at a time. Both my wife and I are using it. It would be nice to download all of the data at once, instead each of us must log in on our phones and then access the report and then send the file for ourselves. Awkward. The name of the file is also weird. So, it is functional, but not well done. I rate one star so Omron will read the critique. If I rated a 2 or 3 no-one would care.
There are lots of bad reviews of this app. Most focus on how Omron collects private data they shouldn't. But there are other serious problems. It's just a very crummy app. Things don't fit on the screen, linking to Google fit doesn't work, some text is written over other text making all of it unreadable, pop-ups that never go away and so on. I'm looking for some other app and will ditch my Omron Blood Pressure device if I need to. It's stupid to have an app this bad.
Even now, after several years, new phones, new android versions my monitor is detected but refuses to pair. Syncs just fine with my wifes iOS app...
Will not blue connect 99% . Waste
a step backwards with bluetooth connectivity
Same as before. The app won't connect to the phone. If the blood pressure 
device is so pickey about the Bluetooth, maybe they should sell a Bluetooth 
dongle that would actually work with a PC. Totally disappointed in the 
machine I bought for keeping an electronic log I can't transfer from the 
machine.
In US. Tried to pair with bluetooth. Doesnt work. Gives free trial on premium for a month. Goin to uninstall.
AWFUL
Don't waste your time. I had the old app that wouldn't pair to device. I downloaded a new app only to see it won't pair without location turned on which is alone ridiculous but my location is on and permissions given and I still get the message. I am done with this. I bought my monitor a few years ago and chose this model for the bluetooth. Now this isn't the only company that has one so fairwell to Omron for falsely advertising sync that has never worked.
I was forced to upgrade to this app from the old version omron wellness. Not happy with this app I have to have location on to sync and no on line companion site like the old version.
Cannot print History. Charts are too small to be useful. Cannot set your own date range.
There is NO good reason for forcing me to give my location for a blood pressure reading Who are they selling my data to?
Too privacy invassive.  Does not give me access to deny permissions which was and is my problem with Android OS.  But the, "I want it now", crowd has spoken leaving fewer choices.
Unable to transfer data via bluetooth with my. Bp786. What is the point of 
buying this device if pairing is nonexistent.
I like the old app. Current one has a bunch of useless garbage.
They want you to update the app to give them all the unnecessary info, is marketing scam, I uninstalled.
Can't even get this stupid app downloaded.
Lots of connection problems. My old data never transferred over. Very poor 
design. Hard to view data. The app was better. Poor customer service 
response . They lost me as a customer.
ooo
I can't even down load the app, what's the point in making a device that's suppose to help you monitor your blood pressure that actually raises it!!!!
Can't tell anything about how the app works or performs as there is no option to use the app without extensively invading my privacy. If you don't agree to be subject of their marketing you can't use the app. I could understand if that were so for a free version after at least being able to try it before giving all kinds of consents. And if you had an option to buy a version that doesn't invade your privacy. To me an unacceptable use of personal data.
After pairing unable to download as it says to be within a few feet even though the phone is sitting on the device!
Won't discover Bluetooth devices. Why does a $5 speaker pair but a supposedly medical device won't work. Perhaps get a 25 yr old to write youtmr app total junk. O
Miss the old app that showed an easily viewable line graph. This has graph dots that don't connect like the old app. There is NO logical reason for location request. This app got worse, I don't recommend it. I personally prefer to easily and visually see my progress along a graph line than looking at numbers and dots. BRING BACK A GRAPH OPTION
Would not connect to my phone. My phone was easily able to find the BP monitor, but the app refused to connect to it
Never syncs wrist data properly
Doesnt save data, years lost.
Could not connect with Google phone
Wow way to take a free service and make it worthless while trying to push 
people to pay for all of the "premium" features. And nothing works. Had to 
have my password reset to get into app even though old app was working just 
fine
I WOULD NOT EVEN GIVE THIS A 1 IF I DIDN'T HAVE TO RATE IT. IT SAYS BLUETOOTH ON THE COVER WHEN YOU BUY IT AT COSTCO. IT SAYS ON THE BOX WIRELESSLY TRANSFER YOUR READINGS TO YOUR SMART DEVICE. IT DOES NOT WORK AS YOU CAN TELL FROM ALL THE BAD REVIEWS. THIS IS THE KNOCKOFF COSTCO SELLS THE 769 MODEL - SAD SAD SAD FOR COSTCO AND SAD SAD SAD FOR OMRON.
I am still not able to pair my BP786 with my Samsung Galaxy S9+.  I like the ability to store my BP in the cloud and see all the graphs, but it should not be this difficult to get a Bluetooth device to pair with a phone.  Update: Even after multiple software updates the BP786 will not pair with my Samsung Galaxy S9+.
Piece 'o crap, it gives an invalid password error with a perfectly valid password
This review is for the app only. The bp monitor works fine. I could not get the bp monitor to pair with the Omron app. The monitor pairs fine with my Samsung Health app without the Location Services on, but the Omron app requires it and won't even try to pair without high accuracy on. Why does it need precise latitude and longitude? They're sitting 2 inches apart.
App will not connect
This app was terrible. Absolutely will not pair with my bp monitor.
After many tries i gave up. This device just don't pair with my phone period. I can confirm there is no issue with my phone.
I will not pay a monthly fee to use this device
Get withings/nokia BP monitor. Not happy with new omron junk app. I just hope it will still connect to my Walgreens app or I will be ready to throw your monitor thru your corporate office window. UPDATE(2.10.19) Omron monitor returned to Amazon and your app deleted! Withings BP monitor works fine with its application and now sends readings perfectly to Walgreens app for cash healthy choice rewards. You just wasted my time and little bit of money.
Doesn't connect
I just upgraded my phone to an S20. Omron tells me the app is not compatible with Android 10. So I have only been able to use the app for 3 months. I find this totally ridiculous. Why isn't the app being updated to work with Android 10. It's not like it was just releasd. QAndroid 11 is out already, that's how long it's been. I wish I could return my blood pressure monitor.
I installed this app primarily to transfer data from Omron Evolv blood pressure monitor then to push blood pressure data to Google Fit. Unfortunately, this app is pushing all data to Google Fit properly EXCEPT for blood pressure.
App does not connect to BP786N blood pressure monitor on Moto Z4 Android 9.0.
The Bluetooth sync function is an epic failure.
Ditto on all the recent reviews. Can't transfer recordings with the new app. The devs and the management/supervisors permitting them to push forward without a way to rollback to the old (working) app should be ashamed of themselves.
Will not be using the app anymore. My Data is important to me and after reading the agreement. Nope Not For Me!!!! Shame the original app was easy to use.
Can NOT download the App  HELP NOW. NOTHING HAPPEN WHEN I HIT INSTALL. I HAVE A SAMSUN 8+
Cannot even install without agreeing to share personal data. In order to open the app, one has to create an OMRON account and agree to share data. I see no reason why OMRON should know my health information and have my agreement to use this data for marketing. My respect to OMRON just fell down the cliff. I thought, they have a lousy interface on the device and decided to fix it by offering a better functionality via an app. Nope, they want your data.
The privacy policy I needed to accept to create an account made me go no further and remove the app.
Won't pair with Bluetooth reliabiliy.
New app, same issue. It can see my monitor, asks what user to sync then won't connect
Can't get it to sync data. I had no problem with the prior app.
Can't find a way to download the data onto a spreadsheet like the old app. Reports take forever and a half to download. Summay is ok but can't see the details.
Doesn't pair sucks
the app does not include an owners manual and they want $10/ month for "premium" so you can graph the results and send reports to your doctor. loved it at first but now past the free trial period, all I have is a BP cuff, nothing more.
DO NOT PURCHASE ANY OMRON DEVICES. would give zero stars if that was an option. cannot pair with android device so i have to manually add my readings. DO NOT PURCHASE ANY OMRON DEVICES.
I just purchased an Omron Gold wrist blood pressure monitor that uses Omron Connect. I downloaded the app only to learn that it is not compatible with the Samsung Galaxy S20 phones. I am very disappointed that Omron has not updated the app for compatibility with Samsung's latest family of Smartphones. I am considering returning the Omron Gold monitor to Amazon.
Horrible replacement for original app. Needs access to your location? Tries to upsell you to premium service. Makes it more difficult to just use to get your BP. Does not keep your history from previous app. Need to re-pair your device. Terrible. Might as well just get a basic cuff and type the data into a spreadsheet.
Forced to switch to inferior app
Awful, will not pair... App shows my BP5450 as pairing option but just spins never connects when selected ... Awful
Since forced to upgrade blue tooth connectivity is non existent! will be uninstalling from all my devices. Omron bp761can is not recognized.
The meter that requires the app cost alot. The fact that the "infinite 
storage" is a $10/month subscription isn't sufficiently communicated. 
Sketchy.
I absolutely do not agree with the fact that i am forced to allow this app to spy on me and send personal information to third parties in order for the app to even connect. I am also forced to allow the app to track my location to get it to work. Why does this app need to tap into my microphone? Iwill not do this. I am uninstalling and returning the product to the store. Extremely disappointed in omron after being a customer for 30 years. I will be switching brands.😠😠😠😠
this update SUCKS AS I was forced to update my existing app. and now NOTHING WORKS and it will not allow me to open a new account with the previous Omron Wellness app. You guys dont give a dam about other people who do not have the $$ to buy another Omron tester to function with this app.
I used to be able to sync with Samsung S5 but my new LG G6 just times out trying to connect. Please fix it.
Does anyone have the wrong date . Can it be changed
If you ever used the previous app then you'll know how crappy this one is. As best I can figure is they wanted to ride the coattail of the Kardia software 510k approval from the FDA so they would not have to pay for their application. Yes, it is a pain to get it to connect. I no longer use it, I only use ny Kardia app. I am looking for a new unit that has the feature the old app did and connects on the first try. I reAlly like the graphics of the pld app.
The ability to record blood pressure remotely turns off by itself and there is no way to get it on. I have checked my phone to see if it is connected and recognizing the machine and it is.
Impossible to Paire Google Nexus phone with the Omron BP device.
Update Oct 2, 2019 New phone tried again. App says meter synced. Go to download app tells can't find the metre. Meanwhile the metre is showing that it is connected. you can now manually enter data, 3 times for 3 read setting DO NOT BUY THIS METER, COMPANY IS NG!!! would give no * if I could! lastest update no longer works. Only reason to buy this was the app, auto Bluetooth downloads. I emailed Omron support over a week ago nothing not even an auto reply
This new version is third class
I must allow location tracking for blood pressure readings transfer. Why?
April 25 2018 The Graph takes up 3/4 of the screen in history and you can only view one reading at a time . November 14th 2018 sent in another requests still not fixed I have emailed Omron, spoken to help support and still no fix March 25th 2019 almost a year later still no fix
App won't synch with device. It won't register that location is active on the device and in permissions. Old app was a fail and the new app fails.
RIP off only way to use app of any real use is to pay. well that's not going to happen and also next time I buy and tell everyone else your business practices so they will buy a diffrent meter also
APP = Big, steamimg PILE OF ****.... Paid subscription though? Come OMRON, we bought the hardware. (7-11-2020) update. Absolutely does not pair with my Galaxy S20 Ultra). Garbage.
Bluetooth is toothless
Collecting personal data "Offshore". What a way to give your personal 
information to the world..". I hope whoever at Omron accepted this POS is 
enjoying their kickback $
Will not consistently connect.
Time for a new blood pressure monitor.. App doesn't work and doesn't find my monitor.
The whole point of the app was for the bluetooth. It shows my omron 7000 in the list when attempting to connect, but it just keeps loading and never connects. Samsung note 10+ up to date and Omron bp7000.
I am not sure if they have tested it once connecting to the blood pressure device!
The previous omron connect app had way more functionality. This app is just a pathetic attempt to sell the Kardia ECG and pay for their crappy cloud service.   OMRON, please let USA users install the older app and use that. At least that was a great health app.
I undownloaded the app, cause when it's paired to my monitor, I cant read the readings on the main screen, cause they're overlapping other words. I'll just keep track of my blood pressure the old fashioned way.
Terms of use and privacy policy are unacceptable. We were looking for a way for us to keep track of the information, this app insists on sharing way too much. Deserves Zero stars.
Terrible. Counter intuitive UI. $9.99 per month for premuim? Very funny!
if I could give this app a 0 I would. this app is ridiculous, it will not pair or if it does it will not transfer. you have to have to put everything in manually and that's not the point of the cuff. Why would you take an app that was working and doing what it needed to and then you make us download the new app. It is a thousand times worse then any app I have used in the past.
pos, can't get it to connect with this new app forced down our throat
NEW APP IS GARBAGE! WE WANT THE OLD ONE BACK! Can't transfer readings to app since update.
FALSE ADVERTISING! Buy a BP monitor that says Bluetooth smart… wrong! new app, no better than the last. still doesn't work. with today's technology, why can't this terrible company accomplish this simple task which so may others do flawlessly???
December 2nd, 2020 update. App downgraded from 5 stars to 1 star. I gave my BP786N to my mother in law, bought a BP7450 10 series and wasn't able to pair anymore. This really sucks. I tried many times on my Samsung S10 and then with my Google pixel 3a xl, to no avail... Uninstalled then reinstalled app... Nothing again. It's a shame.
LOCATION REQUIRED! The app will not work without you allowing them to gather your data. Deleted.
It needs location history turned on to in order to pair the BP monitor with my phone? Hard No.
might this app be in the running for lowest rated Android app of all time? after reading the problems I think I will uninstall it. I don't believe their excuse for needing location data is that it's required by Bluetooth.
omron sells you a product with FREE app services, only to renig and charge $9.99 a month! grrr
Give us back the previous app or I'm switching brands.
I tried several times to pair with my Omron BP786. it finds the device but failed to actually pair and just gave an error.
The app doesn't start. Stay CONNECTING and doesn't do anything!
Worst app doesn't pair at all with latest Android 11. It seems the device just won't pair.
This is a piece of garbage, it does not work, it's annoying, I will not use it. The old ap worked great. SHAME ON YOU OMRON. This is the last product I bought from you👎
Will no longer connect and pair to Pixel 4a bluetooth and my Omron BP7000.
Why does the app need my location in order to work?
Epic Fail. zero stars is most appropriate. concur with other reviews on frustrations with app and charges. Pairing was unsuccessful. Bring back the Wellness app. Or not. I'll return to manual input using my own documentation, rather than giving Omron my data and being charged to do so. Any recs for a different BP monitor manufacturer?
OMRON YOU GUYS NEED TO GO BACK TO THE OLD APP THE ONE THAT WORKED, THIS NEW VERSION IS NOT TRANSMITTING OUR READINGS, EVEN THOUGH IT'S SAYING IS CONNECTED. THIS BLOWS. FIX IT NOW OR I CAN JUST TAKE & RETURN MY UNIT BACK TO WALMART. MIERDA
Can't pair with Pixel 2xl. Trash
This app would not connect to BP monitor. So, not able to use; and am uninstalling.
time to get a new blood pressure monitor. don't want spam.
I wish I never installed this. The old app was so much more user friendly, with clear and easy to view BP charts. In the new app, all you get is a bunch of dots without the values. That was an important function to me--important enough to make me shop for a new BP monitor with better software now.
Was forced to download new app, it says there are no new recordings to download even though there are. I hate all the extra stuff the new app has... I don't want it, don't need it. Last night I could still open the old app and upload there, but this morning it's not letting me. You're messing with people's health. Revert back to the old one... or just give us the option to use either app.
App says no monitor is paired but it will not transfer any data
Difficult to pair with the Moron BP7450. Said I needed an app even though I already had this one.
This app's bluetooth function doesn't find the monitor even when it's an inch away. My phone connects to the heart rate monitor by Bluetooth, but this is not good enough for working with the app. The app doesn't recognize the X7 and so I'm not getting the functionality I paid for. Support is non-existent, except for the manuals which don't help at all in this situation. I know to press the button on the back to begin pairing. I know how to pair devices to my phone. The app is the problem.
If I could give this app a negative I would. I didn't even get passed the create account I'm a Canadian resident and it wanted to take my data and send it to the states I will not share my data to the states the person who has developed this app needs to pull their head out of their ass and not have that type of an agreement this is my own personal information and the only person should have it is the doctor my wife.
Pairs but doesn't transfer records. Says "Could not find monitor. Please make sure the app stays open, and your blood pressure monitor is within 10 feet." I get this message immediately after unpairing and pairing again. Seems like Omron doesn't invest much money into QA and functional testing.
mlm n
This app actually deserves a "negative star". However, no means of awarding such is available. There's just as too much stuff and clutter associated with the app.
the app says press blood pressure button below to transfer readings and there is no such button. screen display and instructions dont match
Same problems a lot of people are having. Paired fine when I got it, worked about a year and then stopped transferring. Now won't re-pair with anything. Was always finicky, but now no pairing with any device. Got to look at the warranty.
I will be uninstalling this "app". There is nothing helpful in this new app, the layout is horrible, some of the info overlaps on top of each other so I can't read it anyway. Shame on you Omron for taking the low road with this app - just trying to push your upgrades down our throats. I've had Omron products for years. I will go back to recording my blood PSI from my BP786N using a pen and notebook.
It won't let me log in for my first use.  When I try to use it with my password manager with the password I set up on my desktop, it just goes back to the intro screen and the login screen again after I try to grant the password manager permission to fill the fields.  When I try to use it the old-fashioned way and type in my email address and (a much simplified, much less secure but easier to type in) password, it tells me that my email address or password is incorrect. Even after multiple password resets.  When I try to create a new account, it complains that an account with my email address already exists. (Duh...)
IF I COULD GIVE THIS ZERO STARS I WOULD!!! This version is horrible compared to the previous. Much harder to navigate but the worst problem is the text overlaps itself with the actual blood pressure readings and my physician has a terrible time trying to decipher the readings. Please fix this or let us still use the older version.
App constantly asks for location services to be enable (which it is and permission for app while in use) in order to transfer info via Bluetooth. Troubleshooting methods have been taken, still doesn't work smh
BEWARE!!! I bought the expensive Omron 10 BP monitor solely because of the ability to sync your BP readings to your smart phone... What they dont tell you is that their Crappy software forces you to open an Omron account and share your PERSONAL health data online! The Machine works great... But the syncing and the software are awful! And Syncing always fails the first few times. Just to sync to your phone, the software requires you to turn on Bluetooth and Location services! I understand why the Bluetooth is necessary, but why on earth do I need to turn on my Location service??? Also, I SHOULD NOT have to create an Online/Cloud account just to sync to my phone?
Have the BP786 and have never been able to connect to my phone (Samsung s10) Ive tried everything but still cant get it to connect. Very dissatisfied.
For a health care app there are so many privacy violations. i am uninstalling this app forthwith.
This app wouldn't work with my phone. Thumbs down for having me fill out all that personal info before trying the app.
Omron just ignores the fact that my model BP-786 has never been able to pair with the app despite all the updates through the years that I've owned it. Maybe we should start a class action lawsuit against them.
Inaccurate monitors 122/75 is elevated according to this inaccurate monitor. They series7 or series10 less than a year old off by 20 points in 15 minutes series 7 actually closer. They were checked with those at my CARDIOLOGIST office. So when insurance companies eventually get your records. Your rates will go up including your auto insurance. Inaccurate monitors. High readings not real causing stress which does increase BP. You use at you own risk. The wellness app still inaccurate but below 134/84 was ok when I'm my case it was 15-20 points high series10 10+15 series7.
i was forced to by a new machine because the old version wouldn't support new phones now i can't even use the app it's complete garbage. Running on a chomebook also which crashes EVERY day!
Other apps sync better with Omron BP devices than their own app. App is horrible.
Pairing DOES NOT work. If I wanted to enter it in manually I would never use this app
Canadians DO NOT USE negative 100 stars transfers personsl info to states which means they can use it for anything. this.makes myexpensive appliance unusable.
I cannot transfer data from pb device to app after trying several times. Many people are having the same problems. This must be corrected by the manufacturer
the original app is far superior. This is a pure upsell at the expense of the user.
Had hope that this release would fix the problem with binding using Android 
devices. Still doesn't work. I will never purchase another omron product.
The app is horrible, pairs the cuff but then won't transfer readings saying 
it can't be found. Pairing, repairing, messing with it used to work now I 
can't get a single transfer to work. Now when I get it paired again and try 
to transfer it says there are no new readings... Start cycle over again. 
What a joke.
won't connect. useless.
Terrible service from Omron. Bought the BP786 3 years ago, paid top dollar specifically for the Bluetooth connection. At about 2 years they disabled the app everything had been working fine. They said my OS was to old had to buy new phone for new app, so I bought new Samsung S10e so I could use bluetooth again, but now my monitor will not connect with phone. The monitor has 5 year warranty but they drop service about 2 years, so much for customer service for customers with BP issues already.
TOO INTRUSIVE. When we purchased this device it recorded blood pressure and allowed us to transfer it to our cell phone to be sent to our physician. This new app has rendered the old app inoperative and now collects personal information about us. That is unacceptable.
How do I export BP data from the app?
app was good until recently updated. Lost all prior data and have to start over. now to get to data you have to go to play store then to app every time it's opened. I would have recommended prior to update but not now.
I am not real impressed connection issues with the Bluetooth connection the app not connecting it really need more attention to design it just don't work
I bought the BP4350 monitor for BLE pairing with my Samsung S8+. Let's just say I returned the first monitor thinking faulty BLE as it didn't want to pair from the app. Second one was the same problem. Another thing I don't like is the fact you have to create an account, turn on location services to open and use the app. PHI goes right out the window if they get hacked.
I am not one to normally leave reviews but this latest forced update is horrible. The previous Omron Wellness app was far superior in terms of its connectivity and easy to read interface. I really miss having the graphs with daily and monthly averages listed below which was far more useful. The new UI is less user friendly and makes it exceedingly difficult to access your data. Furthermore the force to use AHA classification is not welcome. A systolic of 120 is not considered elevated by the Public Health Agency of Canada. I hope that Omron will take note of all of the other negative comments and make the appropriate changes on the next update. Give the people what they want!!!!
Has one job and fails at it Purpose of BT cuff and app is to log data, bug app fails to pair. Omron fails at its promises.
samsung S7 still won't connect. It sees it but wont connect. wish Omron would refund me for the false advertising they did to get me to buy this unit. I called 6 months ago for help but their Tech was not able to help. They said my phone wasn't compatible. I tried the app on a Samsung S7, S8 and Tab 7. Couldn't get it to work on any of those. When I 1st got the unit it worked with my Samsung S5 but stopped after a few months. I could sometimes get it to connect after several attempts. But after time It quit connecting and never worked again.
I payed over $100.00 for my OMRON BP4350 device. I want to use it and gather information for me & my Doctor. There is no mentioning before purchasing this device that to fully use this device that I have to first create an account that insisted that I agree to have all that information collected by an USA located company. This information is for me & my doctor only. OMRON received 100% money for this device it also has to make it 100% usable. But 2.5 app rating? Not great for OMRON.
UPDATE: thanks for your answer (wish that feature had been documented). Unfortunately, I still can't delete the entry and I have found a related bug. After spending almost an hour scrolling thru Activity Timeline to get to May 2000, the scrolling stopped at January 1, 2004. So I can't scroll to the date I need to delete. Please help.  No "delete" is causing problems. I manually added entries from my old Omron. Somehow I made an entry for May 2, 2000 (not sure how). Now when I make a new manual entry the date in the date box is May 3, 2000. I  can't delete the mistaken manual entry.  And the 'Activity Timeline'  seems to have an entry for every day since 2000. When I scroll the app freezes. Also, every date since May 2, 2000 in the Activity Timeline has an ">" indicating there are entries for that date until I click on the date and then it says "no entries". This app needs to add manual delete since it has manual entry. Hopefully that would fix most of my problems.
Come on omron! Whats this ? Asking my location for what ? This is the worst app terrible conctivity if it syncs today won't connect next time and tomorrow. can't imagine its coming from a company like omron im sure you can do better then this ?
Will get a better rating once it is compatible with the Bluetooth on my Note 10+
I upgraded to the Evolv and was forcrd to upgrade to the new Omron Connect app. i connected the app to Google Fit to sync my BP data and after two days, it still has not synced. I have uninstall and both apps and still do not work. I upgraded as a recomendation from my PC. After talking to my PC, he informed me that several patients are experiencing the same issue on Android. If you are using the old Omron and it is working for you, DO NOT UPGRADE.
Won't transfer data to online e account, can't change password. Support pages are an exercise in frustration.
this new version sucks. there is absolutely nothing better about this version. it is nothing more than a way for them to suck information from you that they do not require. was forced to update to this version from the old app when it quit working. the graphing is much harder to see and understand. will not buy another omron product ever again. wish I would give it zero stars.
Thanks for the idiotic Big Brother move, Omron. Guess what? I absolutely REFUSE to be REQUIRED to share one damned thing. All that did was guarantee I'll uninstalling EVERYTHING, deleting my account and throwing my Omron in the trash.
Invasion of privacy. You must agree to let them store and share all your health information collected in this app and third party apps. I'm absolutely disgusted by this and wish I didn't pay extra for this model which connects to my phone via bluetooth. Please change your privacy policy.
Recognizes my BP761N device, pairs, but transfers only data that is 3 months or more old, no newer data.
can't get to work at all.set up account but doesn't recognize me. so I ask for new pass and it indicates no account. well I try to add a new account it then wants me to download which when I hit open provides me my original user info. over given up and will uninstall.
The original Omron Wellness app was pretty basic but it was better (which isn't saying much) than this one. You are forced to "upgrade" to this app whether you like it or not. As far as I can see it is just in order to provide Omron with control over my data and to allow them to market more of their stuff to me. All I wanted was to make capturing and entering my bp data into the spreadsheet I have kept for 10 years easier. I don't want or need the bells and whistles Omron have added in a pretend effort to "add" value. Going forward I will delete my data older than 30 days in a probably futile attempt to stop Omron misusing my personal medical data. It irritates me that Omron puts my data on their servers in the US when all I really want is a transfer between the bp monitor and my tablet/phone without any cloud storage at all.
An account? I paid 100 dollars for your device now you want to sell my personal data. No thanks
I wonder if this app realy need to be in internal memory storage. What is so inportant that you can't move that up to sd storage? On the top of that this upp occupay 180MB!!!. That a very simple app. I have starategy games that are smaller.
New app is invasive. Won't let me reinstall old app that was excellent. I wasted my money on this.
Love the app but there is a fatal flaw. I used the app to build a CSV file to send to my doctor. Sadly the data produced in the report did not match the data in the History section of the app. I had to spend time manually building a spreadsheet to send to my doctor. If this bug gets fixed I will give the app 5 stars.
This app isn't as useful as their old app. It won't let you connect to the old app once you download the new app. It just want you to upgrade to their premium $10 a month service.
Usually won't transfer, privacy policy is ludicrous, requires location to pull bluetooth data
will not pair. had no problem with OMRON wellness
Terrible user experience. I'm trying to transfer reading but every time I click on blood pressure area I get asked what EKG machine I have. I cannot figure out how to force the transfer to happen. Cumbersome to use.
I can't take screen shots and send them to my doctor. I'm not the President, nobody cares about my health information. Thanks for treating me like a baby and not allowing me to turn off this "safety feature"
POS. Requires Internet connection.
This new app sucks. Chart is difficult to read. To many steps to download and retrieve readings. You'd think the genius who developed this new app would have considered landscape view instead of the hard to read portrait view. Way to go Omron. Makes me not want to use this device.
App is complete garbage. Won't connect to my evolv, but google fit, samsung health and MedM BP, have no issues seeing it, connecting to it and grabbing the reading. Fire you app dev team and work with MedM BP as your software!!! I would give this zero stars if I could.
Dose not work know have no way to get readings on my phone I did not pay extra money to have to Manuel have to put them in
Does not work
Installed and immediately uninstalled it at the registration stage. Having the developer keeping your personal and BP data (no opt out as far as I know) is totally unacceptable.
Will not connect with my arm band!
This new version is awful. ALWAYS take multiple times to sync..can't read the results as the text is all pushed together and ALL of my history from the previous app is GONE!! If I could give it ZERO STARS I would. UPDATE: NO I am not wasting my time calling you. You sold me a device with a working app and then shut down the app replacing it with GARBAGE..I am returning the product and will replace with a different brand..all you had to do was leave access to the other app..case closed..
Evolv - BP7000: Sucks! Unable to PAIR with Android 8.0...! Anyone else having issues?
First I would not recommend this app, yess it does what it says but the privacy and adds are not worth the trouble. To get the full ability of the app you have to 10 bucks a month, which is rediculous.  It is a shame how much companies try to get rich off your health.
I refuse to agree to their terms which include gathering my health data and consent to receiving marketing materials. If and when your policies respect my privacy I will create an account. For now the app gets deleted.
NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE NOPE... and here's why: This app is a sales tool, cluttered with ads for Omron's premium services with "cards" advertising different things you can buy. You can NOT dismiss most of these. Terrible user-interface - multiple clicks to get anywhere. NO INTEGRATION worth using. Omron wants to sell their paid-service so they don't allow data to be exported in machine-readable format to other ecosystems like Google Fit, Garmin Connect, Withings Health Mate. They'll argue that "they offer this feature" via .CSV and .PDF files that you can use. THIS IS NOT THE SAME AS INTEGRATION. Yes, they check the "your data is yours" box by allowing export as a .CSV. Yes, they can argue there's a value-add to the .PDF export in a format a doctor can read. NO, Virginia, this doesn't count in a connected world - I want my data in one place, like Google Fit. Shame on you Omron.
Once the app required location. Uninstall it went. Just a spy app. I fired the developer.
Requested access to my location! Why do you need my location to connect to device?
This forced upgrade is terrible. The old app was tolerable. This won't sync with the BP device now.
Horrible
For an app that is meant to help you track your blood pressure, the only thing that Omron does is raise it! This new app will not take my login information even though the old Omron app works (which was a miracle in itself in that it started to work with Bluetooth 4) and a password reset link from the app resets the password, the app still does not take the login credentials.
just a piece of junk. Not only underdeveloped app, but entire new business model is the irreversible fall down. if they disable old version I'll return omron cuff and get another one from any competitor. Update 01/25/19: they disabled old app... Bye, Omron. I'm returning cuff, now it's useless
The old app finally started working /syncing, and now they're forcing me to upgrade to a non-working version. I'm having serious questions about Omron quality...not only their apps but even the readings on the blood pressure monitor don't appear to match readings in doctor's office.
This requires you to allow omron-ali core to process my identifiable data according to their privacy policy which you can't see before opting in. If you don't check all the boxes you can't use the app. I'm going to check California's new privacy law as I think this may violate it. I will be returning the BP monitor I purchased as I bought based on it integrating with this app. Also this app will not allow you to take a screenshot of thier optin conditions.
Bluetooth performance is very inconsistent. Sometimes the app connects with my Pixel 2 just fine, and other times it takes a number of attempts to link. I am disappointed with this product.
App is worthless - garbage. This app will not transfer BP readings from BP7450. App shows that BP monitor is connected, Bluetooth on phone shows connection, but error on BP7450 shows monitor not found. Wish there were zero stars as choice
App stopped updating a week ago. Says it's connected. Uninstalled and 
reinstalled app, changed batteries, nothing. No tech support!Hardware is 
solid.
I will never agree terms and conditions of service that I can't read...seems pretty shady to me.
Won't pair with evolve. Says it paired, and when i want to sync it says no 
device is paired.
Useless app. It does pair with my bp786n, but cannot transfer data!
Why does the app need a cloud account in order to connect to and use with 
the meter? This is a gross invasion of privacy, and an erosion of trust. It 
is impossible to accept the terms if you value privacy.
Unable to sync to phone .. worked 2 years ago now useless .. same complaint from other users😔
Omron needs to get better software. It is extremely poor, from the reliability of the connection to the measurement device to all around interface. The developers need to learn how to present graph data. When I view the data show all data points and fit a line or connect the points with a line. I have nearly 2 years of data and the app only presents last 2 months (2 dots on the plot is poor). The old app was better (not great, better). Omron should allow users to choose whether to use the new or old app.
Worst App Ever. Instead of adding new features, you should fix old problems e.g., it never, never syncs with its expensive equipment.
This new app is trying to sell you additional stuff for $100 a year. Way too much for nothing! Always pushing for you to buy something. I wish I could give zero stars. The old app was so much better and easier to use.
Bluetooth transfer is very difficult to get to work. Seems like Omron tested it until it worked once and released this buggy app. Data export is a joke. $9.99 a month really? How about free to support your products that we already bought, turns out customers perception of value is the entire product and solution, but since no one at Omron reads these reviews my input is pointless.
Terrible app. Won't pair to my phone. Won't ever buy another Omron product again if they can't get something that simple right!
Just plain inaccurate device and terrible app. No way is this a gold standard medical device.
I bought this device not knowing that eventually I would have to consent to letting my personal health info be collected. If I could return the product, I would. Shameful, really.
its garbage!! I lost my conection, with my machine, I bealive its their way, to make you buy an extra machine, they can go to hell!! I anit buying no more of this brand!! not that they give a f`~{k!!!
It will not connect with pixel 2
the old app worked this one sucks..
Like CNN this app SUCKS. Will not transfer data
Why does the app need location info just to sync data between the device and my phone? Never! For all those who have a Samsung phone, the Omron Evolv pairs with the Samsung Health app and syncs data! Don't need this crappy app anymore.
This morning I opened Omron Wellness, and it FORCED me to "upgrade" to this app, while promising to preserve my old readings. In the process, the old app grabbed my most recent readings, and they are not available. Omron needs to hire some decent programmers
I cant pair the device
Hate the new version/app. bring back Omron Wellness. It was simple and easy to use.
Invasive forced upgrade. This forced upgrade demands more invasive use of personal data and holds hostage the data you already collected with the older app. disgusting!
Omron this app is garbage. Fire your IT department and restore your old app.
Nothing works with Omron devices
New app will not pair with my android phone.
Horrible privacy. "Requires" location for blood pressure? Unethical! Holds data hostage unless you pay $10 a month or $99 a year, not allowing export to excel. Again unethical!
Unable to pair blood pressure monitor just like on old app.
Can't connect BPM after multiple tries
Not creating an account for Omron or any of its ASSOciated company's to steal my personal data. Never buy Omron again. Wish there was no stars rating.
the new app transferred my old bp readings but it will not transfer any new readings. disappointed!
don't waste you're time.. it does not work.
The app tells me to turn on my location settings, which I do, but then it never recognizes that it's on. It will not link to my monitor unless I uninstall the app and reinstall it. Waste of time
UPDATE: I can un-pair/re-pair device but refuses to transfer readings What can I say that hasn't been said? This is a shocking departure from what I believed OMRON to stand for. While the monitor itself is FINE, the choice made by OMRON to take patients and transform us into funding units makes me sick. The original software suited me fine. OMRON isn't content to sell a product, they think we should be stuck with a SaaS subscription model and pay out the nose after making our initial investment.
Wont sync with my blood pressure monitor unless i grant the app permission to my location data. Total bull$#1t.
This app can't even pair with an Android device. Reverting to the original app. If the free one doesn't work at all, why bother to upgrade!
New update is very hard to review history and viewing is small.
Again, ever since the Note 5, it won't pair. Now I. Have a Note 8 and still 
can't pair. Can someone help?
I have not been able to get this app to connect to my Samsung Galaxy S7, Norm is 9 for 2 years. Despite the migrating to this app, and having over 2 years to fix the Android problem, it's still will not connect, when everything else does. I'm not even sure why they updated the app if it no longer works, and never has.
Won't pair and I followed all instructions
Pairs with Bp786N but does NOT transfer data!!! Lost history as well. FIX!! Previous version worked. What use if have to enter data manually ? And wants to connect to Fitbit account? Why would I risk that when developers can't get transfer to work correctly??
Does not work with all android devices. Like my Samsung A10e. My bp monitor does not connect with phone. Although nothing says it won't and it was hard to find out why. Lo it
I shouldn't have to create an account to check my blood pressure or download my devices information
Application simply refuses to pair with device.
bad app without premian this is usuless
Can't connect to my monitor
Doesn't work with Omron 10 (BP786N), I tried with 3 different phones and was unable to transfer data. Tried with: 1) Pixel 3 with Android 10 - 2) Pixel 1 with Android 9. - 3) Nexus 5x with Android 6 The app is unable to download blood pressure readings. It pairs correctly, but then it gives an error saying that it can't find the blood pressure monitor. Unpairing and pairing again doesn't help.
old app worked perfectly and you messed it bring back old app
Absurd $10 a month for premium membership. Now I'm going to return the blood pressure monitor to Amazon. Bait and switch. Absurd pricing and poor interface.
Bluetooth does not connect to my mobile which is listed as a compatible device. This makes the EKG useless therefore I will be returning the device.
Update: Omron says they do not support Android 11. Really. App hasn't been updated in a year. Original review: Bluetooth pairing is completely broken. two different phones two different Omron devices... Never finishes pairing.
this app deserves zero stars it does not update my device on the app. The data fortunately uploaded to the website. which means this app serves no purpose
After many attempts and phone reboots, I have given up trying to sync monitor to my Samsung phone. And without that, it doesn't have any purpose. Uninstalled!
too many steps to record & view
Won't pair with Essential phone running Android 9
I would not recommend this app. It is not user friendly. I purchased the monitor yesterday and have been trying to install it on both the tablet and the cell phone with no luck. The app never appears on the tablet although it says it is installed. And in the cell phone I get a blue screen. I follow the instruction to get rid of the blue screen but nothing happens. I guess I will have to send it back. The monitor itself you cannot see previous readings, only the one just taken. The device is also about twenty points below the reading on the systolic and ten points on the diastolic. The only right reading is the pulse.
This app does nothing useful with the data it reads. Other apps can draw nice charts and summarize the data in different ways. This does not.
Not easy to pair with devices.. Not user friendly.  Uses predetermined high lows...these may not be appropriate for the user.
Keeps freezing up!
Pretty awful. Tried more than 40 min to pair but failed.
1 star because the app requires you to have 'high accuracy location' enabled to allow you to transfer your blood pressure readings. The previous app it replaced did not infringe so much our privacy. November 13, 2019. The app is still about tracking or mapping your vitals according to your geographic location. What happens to that collected data? The app developer doesn't care about disabling that feature. It's best to find another way of tracking your pressure or go for another product.
It doesn't work!!!!!!
Won't connect. Every other app connects. Have uninstalled and reinstalled. Won't let me back out of nonworking transfer mode gracefully. Must restart phone. Developer should be shot.
This my first and last time using this app it is not user friendly at all, it is difficult to use at its best...hard to transfer data and to read.. needs many improvements.
Very poor! Forced to update from the old app. It then tried to link a Kardia account because I used the same email address once when I was on their site. But there is no account - so my app hangs trying to merge something that can't be merged. Meanwhile, when I try to open up the old app, Omron Wellness - it tells me that my account has been migrated to Omron Connect!!! So I now have nothing!  If 0 stars were possible ...
I just want to track my blood pressure. Not register with yet another website.
Don't rely on this app to keep your information, Just use Google Fit or Samsung health. I started using the Medication reminder it has. I got the notification to take my med. But when I go into the app my meds are gone and can't log them. Same happens with my Evolv cuff.
Omron has no support for Android 10.0, just bought the "platinum tier" BP device due to Bluetooth pairing functionality that doesn't work. Called support, they said 'sorry', with no anticipated updates planned. Will be returning this device and spreading the word about this sub par experience. Switch the first and second letters of OMRON, and that's what you'll feel like if you purchase one.
Poorly designed app. Refuses to pair via Bluetooth.
This app sucks. Can't transfer my older data because it can't tell that location is on, even though it is...
The only reason to have this app is to transfer readings to your phone and then to Google fit. The app constantly loses connection to the device, making it useless.
Simply Craptacular! Won't pair with my pixel 2 just like the other app. The 
only reason I bought this model was for Bluetooth pairing and it doesn't 
work. You'd think in 2018 phone pairing wouldn't be this difficult!
Unbelievably bad app. How does such a glitchy app get developed and gets released in this day and age? I managed to connect the app to my device just one time. Ever since then it cannot connect. Tried unpairing and re pairing but no luck. Come on Omron - Bluetooth is a mature technology. You can do better.
New app blows. Took a nice simple app and bloated it up with useless junk and really screwed it up. More is not always better.
Not only was I forced to upgrade to this app, my BP monitor doesn't even connect. I spent good money to track my readings on my phone. Who ever decided that this was a good idea to release a new app to the public before major testing and quality assurance work should be fired. OMRON's name is now tarnished with poor product management.
At this time the ap and BP monitor won't work with Android 10. Time to research another BP monitor.
Extremely deceptive privacy policy for the purpose of the app. Will prefer to take notes manually.
App doesn't seem to work, i have an existing Omron Wellness account but the so won't recognize it. Tried creating a new account, but the app says my email is already in use. Very disappointing since i had originally bought my BP monitor for the wireless synch. I would not recommend this app or monitor to anyone, save your money and get a different brand since you're going to need to manually track the data anyway.
I wish I had read the reviews of this "upgrade" before accepting it. Omron Wellness was a 5 star app but Omron Connect is a joke. I'd rather hand transcribe my readings than use this app. I am uninstalling now.
I hate this upgrade, ask for too much personal info. Was going to purchase one for a friend but changed my mind, the app ruined it for me.
Will not pair with Googles Nexus 5  Android 7.1.2. Bought BP786N so that we could keep track of our BP by syncing with our phones.
Was not able to pair with my phone and unit device is too big need a smaller monitor.
Forced to create an account, and it looks like agreeing to distribution of info? No thank you. Where's the negative star section?
This is nothing more than another "scare tactic" to get people to buy the premium version, call their doctor or buy more meds. Do yourself a favor and track your BP on your own. Omron wants to sell your info and track your location. You can't even create an account without agreeing to their policy to share your information. Shame on this company for claiming to be a "healthcare" company. Just another way to make a buck from people's ignorance (most of them on a fixed income). 121/68 = HTN according to the app... Not even close. People will be calling 911 because this app told them they have hypertension. Good job Omron. Pedal your BS elsewhere.
Pros: It easily connects and records data. Cons: No ability to FILTER the NEEDED data. Too much remedial advice, unable to turn off. Print out data is crammed beyond usability and poorly annotated. Warning about "elevated" BP: 120/74/75?? Really. Better tell the Doc. The OLD app was perfect. KISS.
Fails to display privacy policy (blank screen as you press the link). Does not offer me a way to keep my health related data anonymous.
Instructions to pair bluetooth dosen't work!
IT STINKS!!!! GIVE BACK WELLNESS AP!!!
Totally useless. Manual sync hardly ever works, automatic sync never does. What's the point of using this app? And should it work, then it would be nice it it had metric units.
I bought a omrun several years ago but wanted to upgrade to something with Bluetooth, for the the obvious reasons. after reading how they screwed up while selling out for greed I'll look elsewhere. I am sick and tired of corporations stealing my data for a nickel and dime program. A pox on companies like this that place profits before customer well-being and satisfaction. l will look to Consumer Reports magazine for their future product testing results a recommendations.
This version requires to many personal details on the account that was never required before. I'm not going share that level of detail with anyone but my physician, I'll delete my account or just remove the app and manually track the details, divulging personal details is not worth the use of the app.
Does not work since the November Android security update
Impossible to download. Not a matter of space on my LG phone either
I installed and uninstalled this app in less than four minutes. Do I have to say more. BTW I am glad my kissing cousins voted out their matzo/fascist apprentice
This app fails every time I use it. The old app worked better. Just an opportunity to sell services IMHO.
This app stinks on my phone. The blood pressure chart is pinned to most of the screen, and the list option is on maybe a quarter of an inch on the bottom of the screen, barely visible. The words overlap each other, so you can't see the blood pressure, unless you open each one. The chart should be an option, not fixed on the screen for those of us who like the list better. Especially those of us who have smaller screens. The older app is better, but the chart was still immovable. Really hate this app.
After not being able to get Omron Connect to successfully connect with the Omron BP7000 , I contacted support and was told to try version 5.7.7, which I could not find. Before returning to the store I decided to try another app and I'm glad to say I was able to get the Medm "Blood Pressure" version 2.8.467 05/12/2020 build to work on my Android version 10 phone. Love the arm cuff, and the bluetooth technology, but really wish the Omron app worked. The interface appeared to have a lot to offer. I'm going to try others that may have more features than the Medm app. But it will do for now.
Tried a couple of phones...newer and older...flagships...same outcome....fails to connect...useless app....needs to go back to drawing board
App is now utterly useless. Have Omron BP786N blood pressure monitor and the previous simple omron app worked fine to extract the readings via bluetooth. Then they forced an update to omron connect which was awful from the start. Would not sync with the device unless you enabled the google snooping location services (i.e. high accuracy mode snooping wifi and phone signals). Now with the latest android 9 it wont work at all, always gives an error trying to get readings. No more Omron for me!
Garbage app won't pair to my phone. The omron wellness app worked, but not able to use that anymore. This app is useless, fix the pairing function using a Samsung s10+
Started crashing each time I tried to open it. Uninstalled/installed multiple times, cant even get to login before it crashes "oops something went wrong try again:
Device won't sync
Detects a BP786 (HEM-7321T-Z), but does not pair. Just stuck at trying to 
pair.
Don't buy any Bluetooth enabled Omron product until this app works. Right now it absolutely refuses to transfer data from a paired device. This is more than bad, it is fraud and misrepresentation.
My devices won't connect using this app. I can connect to the BP machine thru my device settings menu, but this app still won't see it. I think it's related to requiring location access be granted for low power bluetooth. It apparently won't work with non-low-power bluetooth. I can put readings into the app manually but can't see or review them without paying for that feature. So you pay more for this BP machine to get bluetooth, then you have to pay for the app to do anything with the data.
I was willing to accept the slightly off readings compared to the before and after use of my upper arm monitor, but I am unwilling to accept their bait and app-switch marketing ploy. I will never agree to multi-marketing or my location or personal info use just to bluetooth monitor app history!!! I will buy elsewhere!
Outrageous intrusions to privacy! The Omron connected devices were sold with an available mobile app to download and track readings. The new app requires you to agree to give away your information and submit to any marketing or sharing it with 3rd parties. Why would anyone want to allow their health information to be abused in this way? How do we get refunds for our devices Omron? Shame on you! We're your customers!
This is not a cheap device, especially when you pay more money to have information transferred to your smartphone. Doesn't work everytime. Also its supposed to partner with Samsung health app. The app says its not supported in this country ie USA. Frustrating!! Tried contacting the developer to no avail. Waste of money.
Basically useless once free trial is up. Would maybe pay a $1-$5 but $100/year I might as well just buy another device
They want my personal health information AND they want me to pay them a monthly fee to take it?? What is the point of collecting all that data other than to monetize my health data in some way? Uninstalled and will never be reinstalled. I feel I was tricked into buying the monitor which mentioned none of this data collection or the monthly fee on the box.
Will not pair to BP786.  Omron Wellness paired fine.  Phone is Moto G5+ with Android 8.1.  BP786 pairs fine to iPad running 12.1.01.
the unit would not pair to my phone.
Disaster! I can't get proper sync to user's. Can not see all readings at tiny bottom area, was forced to pay to get full reading. Grrr.
DOA. Cuff leaks. Will not pair. Docs do not match the device. Returning.
It's BS that you force me to upgrade to a new ap. The old one worked fine. 
I won't be using either and I'll be getting something other than omron for 
checking my bp
The app was perfect and now it no longer works! Please fix this!
Garbage! In comparison to the app they replaced this with. They forcefully took away graphing features I invested in towards when making my initial choice in purchasing my connected Omron BP machine two years ago. What a blow below the belt. AVOID ALL OMRON PRODUCTS!
this is a poor excuse for an app! I'm in the market for a new BP Monitor.
Why do you have to enable location for this app. to work? Had multiple synching problems before it started to work with Evolv. I'm going back to Omron Platinum and skip this.
Does not work. The app can't connect to my omron device. It's useless.
a serious invasion of privacy, particularly the parts where I have to agree that they can sell my data, information, and email address, to whoever they want. For a product it supposed to monitor blood pressure, I find it ironic that using the product raises your blood pressure.
just received an email from omron "support". they're no longer supporting their online dashboard. Which can only mean this app is the only way to store your data. Be prepared to pay to get any use out it. It's as good as recording your data manually. App also blocks screenshots.
App recognizes correct BP Model, but will not pair.
This app refuses to connect with my Omron blood pressure monitor. Other apps do work with my monitor.
Worthless app! The old app was great and provided the functions I needed without having to provide lots of personal information. I refused to provide this info, making the bluetooth function which was the primary reason I bought my Omron blood pressue monitor unavailable to me. You cannot continue to use the old app. You must install the new app or you lose the BT connection. I will never purchase another product from Omron. They replaced a great app with a pos. DO NOT BUY OMRON.
It doesn't connect to my Samsung Galaxy Note8
Does not connect Bluetooth Samsung s20 fe. So you have to manually update readings. Purchased this so everything would transfer bluetooth.
doesn't work correctly, requires more than older version.
Could pair with device, app asks for permission to access my contacts. No way. Worthless in my opinion
doesnt sync to google fit as advertised. app is not very useful just wants you to subscribe to their premium service.
Very poorly designed app. Syncing blood pressure readings takes a long time, much longer than just entering the reading in manually. And often, it takes several tries before it is able to transfer the readings. I used it for a few days and then deleted it. Now, I just use a regular blood pressure app where I just add the measurements manually.   Another minor annoyance is that the app does not even setup the cloak on the Omron blood pressure cuff. One has to set the clock manually. Ugh.
The latest update deleted all of the BP history. Great job morons
Forced to upgrade and lost previous readings, even though it reported they were transferred. App wants more permissions than it needs! Wanted a blood pressure monitor and logger. The old app at least worked. Would not recommend.
Nonsense app. Shame on you Omron. I will never buy omron BP or any device for this non sense company. The app never work and everybody is complaining about it and you have to enter the data manually. So what the point of having Bluetooth. Can you fix it ?
It used to be able to pair a year ago on my Pixel 3 on an older Android, but after upgrading to Android 11, it's not able to pair with my BP786 anymore.
Will not pair to my S9.
Bought the OMRON Complete w/ EKG and installed this app on three different phones (two different S9+ and an S20+ Ultra) and have been unable to pair with any of them. It finds the BP device, but when I select it, it just spins and spins until eventually the BP device turns off without getting connected.
Omron should be embarrassed to have this product be the vehicle to make their BP products bluetooth capable. I just purchased a new BP7450 device and it wont even pair using this App to a one year old Samsung phone S-10E. After a couple of hours of lots of trial and error to get the units to pair I gave up. I went into a samsung health app, scanned and added the bp device to the samsung app so I could get data to my phone..I went online and found that this problem of device pairing has been on for a long time with this connect app and I wonder what in the world omron would still have this junk app with their name on it.
Won't even pair with Onron BP cuff.
Cannot pair with my Android phone. The phone sees the Omron device but when I instructed to pair it just sits there and spins forever. What a joke.
Won't Pair model BP786 with Galaxy 9
it is kind of sad that what you thought was a reputable company, that they would take the low road and cause you to have to buy another monitor for another 80 - 90 dollars. just by updating your application so your current one won't pair anymore. pretty sad I would not recommend.
Never has worked correcly. I will never buy another product from OMRON.
This app will not pair BP786 with Galaxy S7 after you give them your info. This was no issue with the older version of Omron Wellness. The BP device monitor works fine, the software just does not pair with the mobile. This new app sucks AF.
The old app would at least sync regularly. This one doesn't even do that. DON'T UPGRADE AS YOU CAN'T SWITCH BACK
Spam Ware. This app is by alive Cor and not omron. They try to get your consent for your health data ,heart rate, BP ,location for analysis and sale to third parties. They should be sued for deceptive practices and trying to sell your health data. Shame on you omron for working with this company.
forced to switch from omron wellness to this $10/month omron connect. ridiculous. i paid more money for bluetooth version so i can sync reading to my phone. now i need to pay $10 more every month to get my own readings...
Tried to upgrade to premium and won't process payment... Seriously? Trying to give you even more $ and you can't get that right either... Frustrating.
Omron is not concerned this app will have negative impact to sales of its product? Mandatorily collecting so much personal info to use a product customer paid already is insane!!!
Don't bother- terrible bluetooth connectivity. I purchased the Omron BP785N monitor to track my BP daily and while the monitor is great for quick readings, I've had nothing but trouble trying to connect the readings to this app on my phone. I've unpaired and re-paired the device, restarted the phone, uninstalled and re-installed the app and done trouble shooting with my bluetooth connection with no luck. I gave up and uninstalled the app for good and will manually enter readings in another app.
The app will only work if you allow it to collect your personal information and market to you. I just wanted to check my blood pressure and have it cataloged for easy access. I shouldn't have to give up my right to privacy for this
Needs a transfusion. Will not connect, telling me to turn on Location Services. Except that they are turned on. Stay up to date or get out of the business.
bluetooth stopped
What a garbage product you have just forced down your users' throats. For shame.
why the heck that the omron app keeps telling me there's a new app? the app won't sync with my omron 10 anymore.
My readings arnt syncing to the new app at all. Having to manually enter any readings that wernt recorded in the old app.
Worked great synced up tranfered all data....then the upgrade....now I have to manually enter my numbers....really might as well.going back to just taking pics on my S7 Edge! Crappy upgrade!!!
This is by far the worst app. It is much less useful than its previous Omron Wellness app. It does not allow screenshot for data display, does not provide daily, monthly, and yearly average data. You are asked to pay $9.99 a month for a premium membership for some simple statistical reports.
Worked fine til last week now will not connect. Have deleted and reinstalled app still nothing. And there is NO REASON this app needs full location permission to work. Invasion of privacy. Going to see if I can return to Amazon for a different brand.
This app is the worst app. It will not link to a device that had been linked to the old Omron app that worked great. Do not use this app ever.
Could not connect with Samsung Galaxy S9.
Requires you to send your identifiable health information to them. Why wouldn't it be anonymous? It requires your detailed location for every transfer? The privacy requirements from this app are so bad I'd give it a negative 5 stars if I could. It's definitely caused my bp to go up!
Terrible application. The layout for connecting to the Bluetooth simply does not work. I am so glad I bought it at Costco because of the no hassle return. I will be letting them know that there are tons of problems with the pairing and data transfer. Hopefully, they take it off the shelves for the next person. If you are looking for an easy to use BP machine keep looking this is definitely not the one.
You have to be connected with WiFi or cellular data to transfer any reading from the EVLOV via bluetooth to your Android or Apple device .The app will not even open without an internet connection. A device that syncs though Bluetooth coupled with an app that will not work without cell service or WiFi is useless to me being I have neither WiFi or cellular service in my home.
Was working fine until I had an android update. it goes thru the steps of connecting to my phone but will not transfer the readings to the app.
One of the least user friendly apps! Difficult to pair, use in different geographic areas and update! I had downloaded it on 22 Feburary 19, but it magically captured my inflated weight ( very wrong reading and 6 days old too)from a non- existent Google Fit ! I had to manually edit it out. Omron should make a reliable and easy to use / upgrade App to match the high quality BP monitor! As a patient and a physician I place very high trust in Omron products which remain unshaken despite your App.
Uninstalled. Too many permissions and marketing.
This is a perfect use case of an app that wotked perfectly fine and was completely messed up. The user interfqce is a mess and the extra bloatware and useless integrations make it a .iserable experience. I sure hope that some executives are demanding answers as to why the product team went down the path to further complicate a product likely used buly non-tech savy people.
This app is terrible. The old app was easy to use. Recorded information is jumbled and impossible to read.
frustrating! cannot connect new Omron BP device to Smartphone which consequently raises my BP
Bluetooth transfer has stopped working. Glad to see it's not just me. So Omron, when is there going to be a fix?
No. I do not agree to any of those terms of service. I thought this might make keeping track easier but at what cost? Complete loss of control of my data it seems. I'll just keep track manually and shut off Bluetooth on the device.
Still won't pair with my BP monitor.
Stopped working after update. I worked perfectly this morning but the app had an update this afternoon and it doesn't sync with the app anymore. I unpaired and paired 3 times and nothing.
I bought this for the bluetooth mai nly and reviews omron was one of the best. Have had trouble with bluetooth every since i have had it. Sucks!!!! Ussed on phone and tablet. 90% of time come up can not find no matter how close i put them. Frustrating. Should have just bought walmart brand and saved a couple bucks and maybe frustration.
Ridiculously horrible policy on personal data!!! If you don't agree to give away your personal data to Omron then the app is unusable. I wish I knew that before I spent the money for a bluetooth-enabled monitor. Why is the policy not noted on the box? Miserable app!! Shame on Omron!!
Bluetooth pairing to BP device worked but it did not transfer data to my Galaxy Tab A device running android 8.1.0. Gave up after 8 attempts and the app is fired.
Like many others have said, despite everything that I tried, cannot get the BP786 blood pressure monitor to pair with a Samsung Galaxy S9 using this app.
Zero stars if I could. Will not download to my Galaxy S8+ with recent update to Android 9.0.
Android Users Beware! Omron devices are not compatible with Android 10.0 as of 12/15/20. Company is being defensive and slow to update app to the new standard. Connectivity to all Omron devices will be unstable and likely to fail. Update has no timeline for release. Until this is resolved look elsewhere for your medical devices if you want to sync with your smart device.
I still unable to connect device to my android smart phone
Extremely hard to pair with phone
Requiring location to use a BP measurement device and an EULA that indicates we can do what we want with your data., no thanks
WHY do you need my location to simply transfer data from my BP device, if you get past pairing? The previous app did not need it. I would give ZERO stars, if possible, but it does collect the data from my BP device. App records audio and turn on the NFC, GPS, and BT. NO WONDER my daily battery life on my phone has sucked. Talk to your PCP (wrote long msg to mine), especially if you are a vet or member of a HMO. If OMRON does not want to listen here, then OMRON can hear it from our health care.
Not compatible with Android 10.. purchased for bluetooth feature & couldn't pair with my Moto Z4 phone, Android 10 operating system.
The prior app was much better and it wasn't that great. This version is useless. I wasted my money and logging my info into this system.
Will not pair yet again. So disappointing
Absolute junk
Total invasion of privacy, location required... for what?!?! No reason to collect data they are collecting just to store readings, everyone should take a few minutes to read through the privacy and terms of use. The point of purchasing higher priced blue tooth wireless model is to save time in tracking separately. Will be returning and going with different vendor. OMRON just lost my business.
I purchased this device today and it will not pair. Troubleshooting assumes that the device has been paired in the past as it says to unpair however as the device is not paired it cant be unpaired. All steps including removing batteries have been followed. I even power cycled and updated my phone. Still will not pair. If I could give this app negative stars I would.
Hideous unmaneageabity no pairing waste of money go somewhere else fast!
Requires location to transfer readings! This is ridiculous.
Doesn't upload recent data. Agree with others on unneccessary info request/access. Not worth it! Just write data on paper log which is reliable & unintrusive.
wont load stuck on opening screen
Worthless...my BP786N Blood Pressure Monitor will no longer pair with my Samsung S9. As a matter of fact there is only one Omron product that does...but it isn't one that I have need of. So...I'm shopping for a product with an app that actually works for me. Shame on you Omron...
Won't connect to Motorola One
Can't sync my blood pressure monitor without enabling location and granting permission. Bring back old app. # Update after Omron response: From FAQ Why is location permission asked when installing the Omron Connect US app for Android? Location must be enabled for readings to be transferred from the BP Monitor to your mobile device, beginning with Marshmallow. Can not find why it *must* be enabled. I wish I could remove that one star as well.
We have an expensive Omron BP7900. Neither Omron Connect nor AliveCor's Kardia app will pair with our Android or iOS devices running the very latest operating systems. Can't pair so can't download any EKG (Kardia) data. Many frustrating hours trouble-shooting the problem. Tried 2 Android and 2 Apple devices. Advice: if you want EKG data, buy AliveCor's mobile Kardia device. It works. Buy a simple blood pressure monitor and save your money.
A useless upsell platform
Was working tracking BP now it is only tracking ECG and email function not working. Help?
Used to be great before recent upgrade. Can no longer sync my device. Have to enter all info manually. Used to be very straight forward, now all information hard to find and all of a sudden, I have to consent to have all my information transgerred to omron in US ( birthdate, height, name and all readings). Guess what is going back to Costco?
Bluetooth sync doesn't work with the new version, for no apparent reason. i paid extra for that. Omron, I'd like you to either fix it or refund my money.
App needs work on syncing.
won't pair with my BP786 monitor but the Wellness app did on my S7 edge
Very unsettlingly and a marketing gimmick. Omron shafts customers!
Worthless. Can't even log into the app, it says my password is incorrect - but I can log into the same account via the web just fine.
When I first installed in July, I was able to get the Evolve 7000 to transfer to my phone.   I recently  attempted to use the BP device again, and after trying to forget and repair device per their instructions, it will jut not stay paired to my phone.  Poor software testing IMO.
Should be called "can't connect". I have the meter on my left wrist. my phone in my left hand and it still won't see the meter. It will connect maybe one out of seven times IF you un-pair and re-pair in between readings. My wife and I have the same phone. Sometimes it will work on her's but not on mine. sometimes on mine but not her's. We're not only dumping the software we're taking the meter back. We both need logged data. That's why we paid a premium price for a supposed good product. Why spend the money on a device that won't give you what you need? so long Omron. it wasn't nice knowing you.
You should be ashamed for trying to force people to pay for an old program. Greed is all it is. If you can't afford it, too bad. when this is sent, your program is off my cell phone. I thought Omron was better then this.
No longer transfers readings and always says device not found despite being listed under Bluetooth devices and even after numerous re-parings.
will not work with my tablet even though available in Google Play.
SUCKS! Phone next to unit and won't transfer. Used to. Your update isn't worth a tinker's damn.
I wish I could have read the app reviews before I purchased the monitor. Bluetooth connection isn't working. I expect better, from Omron.
Bluetooth doesn't work note 9
device is seen by phone but won't pair.
Major Privacy issues. Poorly developed app. Will be purchasing new BP monitor, but not an Omron. Very disappointed with Omron's marketing practices.
Logon doesn't work anymore
Terrible. Pairs no problem but cant ever transfer readings. App states it can't find the monitor that it just paired with. Waste of time
Could not uninstall fast enough!Having to create an account just to pair machine to my phone? Not going to happen. Going to return it ASAP. One star is generous! Goodbye Omron!
This app doesn't connect to my omron blood pressure monitor
It doesn't pair with my BP786. Always errors.
This app is essentially an ad for their EKG product, BP functionally is limited compared to their wellness app and this one does not sync with Google fit as advertised.
No longer works. Can't transfer recordings. What the $%^????
This app was pushed on to me as the existing app would no longer work.  My high-end BP monitor no longer connects to the app to enable recording daily results.  I do however, enjoy receiving never ending invitations to purchase more Omron products.  Time to find a better product!
app don't work . new version doesn't work . it sucks. had a working free version that worked . now they want 9.99 a month. screw you. I'll use the old fashioned pencil. note. free log sheets can be gotten on the internet. 😉
Never got past sign up. After seeing all the bad reviews I actually read a terms of service document. I think Omron needs to shake some sense into their marketing group. I got the monitor to record BP readings into Samsung health, not knowing it was not compatible with Samsung health. Now this new app forces you to put your medical info in a cloud service you have to pay for? If is isn't bait and switch it's close, and at the least a horrible thing to do to customers.
Cannot use this app. When I tried to open the privacy policy look it led to a blank page as did the terms and conditions link. I wanted to see what information would be collected and transferred from out of country before agreeing to that policy.
Bluetooth not pairing
running the software on two different phones. both phones pair to my blood pressure system, but neither phone is able to see the machine to download the information
Won't sync with BP761
Way too invasive. Not worth the privacy invasion. Uninstalled.
We will not stay connected readings are wrong by 10 to 20 millimeter 
useless app
Can't use the app without registering and app requires sending PII outside the US. WARNING as countries outside the US have different Privacy Laws that you are not protected from in OMRON's privacy disclosure
Not compatible with Google Fit, which is the whole point of having this app.
one of the worst you may find in playstore... 1. doesn't connect to bluetooth 2. doesn't pair if u remove until u uninstall the app 3. doesn't show proper status of data transfer to app 4. the graphs are not accurate compared to what have seen in other apps 5. menu doesn't make sense like ekg + bp vs only bp...why not only ekg or remove bp separate option? 6. the premimum features should be given free as we already paid 200+$ for device and is rediculous! 7. missing option to re-pair bluetooth
Just purchased this machine and cant believe this is not compatible with my Samsung Galaxy S9+ running Android 10. The app wont pair with my phone. My software on my phone updates automatically. Omron needs to fix this ASAP - This machine (BP7900) and app have not been out on the market for too long. How is it useless? A lot of money wasted!
Upgraded app does not transfer BP readings even though it is paired!! WOT...uninstalling this garbage.
The monitor I have works well,, but the app is seriously in need of an update. The app only works with Android 9 or older... Will not pair with new devices running on Android 10.
does not connect or pair with bp786. looks like they made a "newer" version work with it and left old users in the dust.
installed, downloaded my readings. the next day took my blood pressure. tried to connect to get the readings and it wouldn't work. i have to delete the Bluetooth connection, reboot my phone and reconnect everything to get the transfer to work. works the first day then never again.
original app work fine and provided valuable info current update is worthless but forced on customers unless mgt corrects this insult i will never buy another omron product
Does not pair as it should!
OMRON Connect doesn't. Pushed new update, and now does not work. Fail.
hard to use and unable to sync up with OMRON BP MONITOR
According to the app description, my Omron bp786 monitor is compatible with this app. However, it won't pair. Have tried multiple times. There is NO way to manually add ANY BP monitor in the app, which actually requires an AliveCor account. I have an AliveCor account for an ECG device and use that just fine. This is very disappointing. I am NOT purchasing another BP monitor just to interface with this app. At least not from this company!
GARBAGE
Old apps worked well. Login fails. Will not merge Kardia data and never completes login. Damn.
Took something that worked and broke it.
This freaking app is terrible. If I knew this app was this bad I would have choose a different company. Hardware is fine but the software that comes with it sucks. Tried to use the UPGRADE option but nope, it fails too. I cannot believe a company like omron doesn't care about this. I would not recommend this or any other product from this company based on its lack of good customer support and the lack of software that looks like it was developed by rookies with NO UPGRADE. DO NOT BUY!!!
why do I have to have location services turned on? I do not and will not turn it on. you do not need that information for anything related to my blood pressure... stop trying to sell more products and focus on quality experiences for your customers who will then consider buying more stuff when they need it.
Tells me to enable location services, once I do that it still keeps asking me the same... Can't use with the latest version of Android.
Was forced to transfer from the old app. It lost over a month's worth of data. Transferred my most recent reading but won't transfer the missing data even thought it's all still on the meter. Also there is too much clutter for features of other devices that I don't use.
Doesn't pair with BP786 and ZTE ZMax Pro. I can't tell if it is 
incompetence or their business model is to trick people into buying the 
device when it doesn't seem to pair for a large number of people. Either 
way by not addressing this it makes the company look really bad in my eyes.
According to onrom their denice is (2550) is not compatible with android 11.
Can't tell you much about this app, it requires an account to even use. I'm 
looking for something to keep a log of my blood pressure monitor I'm not 
looking to sell my health information to omron. No thanks.
loved the original Omron that I downloaded on my phone to go with the product we purchased then this update came and now everything is messed up. I do not care to pay a membership fee and don't agree with the fact that they want you to. one of the main reasons we purchased the BP machine we did was because we can download it to the phone and make it easy to track and communicate readings with my doctor. Not happy at all now!
Bought the 5450 but no worky worky with phone
can I rate a zero, I will never buy Omron again, they just wasted my money by purchasing a piece of junk that will not integrate with blutooth or the app 👇
I carefully followed instructions, but I cannot connect my BP786 to this app.
Another sucker who bought the Omron BP5450 monitor, only to find it won't pair with this stupid app on Android 10. Developers: how long do you need to update the app to work with current Android versions? Should have looked at the app rating before I bought the monitor.
Very Disappointing! The Omron Connect App is simply an embarrassment for a company that manufactures some of the most highly rated blood pressure monitors! Read all the other One Star reviews if you want to know what is wrong with this app. Maybe if Omron reads enough of these poor reviews, Omron will realized it failed miserably in the wifi programming area that is so important in this day and age.
App no longer connects to my phone. I am running the latest version of software on my phone. Worked fine on previous version. Dev needs to do a little more homework and quit expecting end users to be beta testers. I have been in this business over 35 years. Dev shouldn't be distributing software not ready. Might have to look for alternate product and take my money elsewhere.
Would pair with bp monitor but would not transfer readings. Uninstalled. No reason to pay $10 a month for just the advertising the ap is full of.
Unable to even complete a login. Should not have been released.
Lost all 3rd party integration and no longer syncs reliably - and it wouldn't let me keep the old app that actually worked.  the actual monitor is good but the app is bad enough that I'm returning the monitor to Amazon
I can't see my blood pressure that transferred over from the machine. The words and numbers are on top of each other.
FAILS TO SAVE SELECTED OPTIONS IN SETTINGS, ESPECIALLY WHEN YOU SELECT MULTI MEANS OF TRANSFERRING YOUR READINGS FROM PHONE TO APP. IT CHANGES YOUR SELECTION TO PHONE ONLY AND CAUSED ME TO BE LOGGING IT EACH TIME I NEED TO TRANSFER MY READING. THIS APP HAS BUGS IN IT THAT MUST BE CORRECTED IMMEDIATELY OR I'LL JUST STOP UPLOADING MY READINGS, ITS TOO HARASSING.
Privacy policy = you have no privacy. Your personal info is shared with two 
companies from the start and also whatever affiliates they decide to share 
your personal info with including database hackers. No thanks, I would not 
recommend . Off to find another BP monitor that's not selling my personal 
and health info.. trash day is tomorrow, this monitor is going into it.
Keeps saying that I have no new recordings but it hasn't recorded anything. I have wasted so much time and greatly increased my blood pressure trying to get the app to work.
threw away old data... older app worked fine but it now forces you to download the new one.. don't buy omron
Requires location to use bluetooth, overlapping text on the UI , reminders keep interrupting you even though they are all disabled. Very disappointed in the app
Will not pair with my Samsung S10. I purchased the Omron 7 BP7350 with the primary reason in mind to be able to log data directly. Very disappointing.
Terrible app. I have a Samsung galaxy 9 and won't connect. The trouble shooting on the website is for IPhone or iPad. Fortunately it connects flawlessly with Samsung health.
Forced to upgrade to this new app. No longer syncs with website and the app instead of being useful wants me to upgrade to premium and measure EKG for which I have no hardware...Please let me have the old simple app back. Anyone found a way to get your readings off and on to PC without this stupid app?
I am just installing this app and so far I am already running into issues. The links for terms of service and privacy do not work. I also disagree with sending my personal information to the US which makes the app useless. I will enter fake information because I don't trust anything associated to the US healthcare world.
What is the deal with not being compatible with the older models or just a few of the newer ones. I own a Note 10+. It is a couple years old now so it should be on the compatibility list by now. When can we expect an updated list of Samsung products. From the reviews I've seen it looks like you need to clean house. You can't blame Covid on this. I expected more from a company such as yours. Very disappointing.
This sucks after you spend for there unit, now to track on a smart phone you have to pay $100.per year. Most times it never did sync up to the phone had to enter manually good device poor business practice
The main reason why I purchased this product is to have access by phone. Once I downloaded the app, I tried several times to make it work. It needs an update fast!
can't create an account
Your product is junk. Won't even connect to your own app. Uninstalling your app and returning your peice of junk.
Can't sync bt anymore do not use
almost useless, lost all my data when forced to update, very disappointed in omron. does nothing useful. just looked at 5 star reviews, they are for the previous app!! LoL....
I, too, was forced to downgrade to this inferior app.  Fortunately I discovered that you could leave the boxes next to 'consent to be spammed ' statements blank and still set up a new account.  I found out the hard / long way that when setting up the new app you need to reset your password to be able to log in.  Frustratingly, once the new App was set up I found that it left out the last 7 days worth of readings, so  I had to manually re-enter them.  Syncing didn't work.   If you want to use all the new bells and whistles (premium $$) to include EKG, weight, Google Fit, and more, then you'll like the new App.  Based upon  the reviews I read, the other 90% of us have to suck it up.   The previous app had a wonderful screen that when you chose Day / Week / Month, you could see your entries for those time periods with minimal scrolling involved. It worked very intuitively.  The new App crams more on one screen.  They do not let you customize the view.  This is what happens when Omron sold its soul to AliveCor.   Shame on you Omron!    I hope Consumer Reports downgrades their ratings of the equipment.    I'm sick of companies screwing consumers.
This a terrible piece of work. Possibly the worst app I have seen and been forced to use. The app that this replaced was quite good. This waste of space follows the principle that if an icon will work then use a long word or paragraph of text. The vital information is obscured by repeated and unnecessary verbiage. I am selling my Omron BP monitor and buying a competing brand.
Wants too much personal info. Uninstalled when they asked me to agree with sharing too much personably identifiable information. This will go in my Amazon review also.
Like most others here, couldn't get past the login screen. Then i read the 
reviews and it's a big NO for me. Looks like my Omron is destined for the 
dump if the previous app stops running.
Importing BP from monitor not working. Had to manually add recent readings. Not complicated, but enjoyed the import feature while it lasted.
Hate this app and have uninstalled it. I liked the previous app and very disappointed I can't go back to that one.
Won't connect to the unit anymore. Poor app
Needs my GPS location to sync the Bluetooth? Sells my data off to rando 
companies? I'm good... Guess I'll go Back to recording it the hard way...
Was working just fine for me until last update. Now it will not update my readings in the app even though it appears to be connected.
This app is terrible. It will RAISE YOUR BLOOD PRESSURE! The old app worked flawlessly and then was forced to upgrade! Want to now charge $100/yr for reports that were free in the old one. looking for 3rd patients party app that will synch with hardware now.
Does not show terms or use or privacy policy that it requires to use the app. Serious privacy issues make this a non starter. Omron makes nice BP devices but failed miserably at creating an app. Use the BP device to record your pressure readings and pass on the app.
Really hard to install. Gets in a loop
The old version was great... worked every time. This version requires location enabled... then does not see stored data to load. Listing of stored data is not as clean and easy to read as the old app. Please make the old app available again.
Buggy. The older app used to work better.
Worked fine from December until last week. Now it will not pair with the cuff at all! Reinstalling the app and power cycling the phone and bluetooth did not help. This needs to get fixed. Update: now it is intermittent at best. I should not have to enter my readings manually. It needs to get fixed NOW!
unable to connect. Omron Wellness asks me to install this app but this app doesn't recognize my existing account. Disappointed and frustrated 😡. contacted Omron, i was told that their software does not support new version of the Android. Tried with an older phone I had, that did not work either. Omron tried to mislead me into thinking that my phone was the issue not their software.
I like the old app better the problem I'm having now I can't unsync my device from this app so I can't use my old app anymore if anyone has any idea how to do this please let me know by posting something about it
Application Icon goes to Google Play store instead of launching.
Doesn't work without an account. Need an app that will just keep a record on my phone without sending it anywhere else.
Very unreliable. Rarely, if ever, transfers readings. The error message says it cannot find the device. However, Android shows that it is connected. Sometimes a reboot of the phone will allow one transfer, but the next one will not. Being that automatic transfers were what made my decision to purchase this expensive device, I'm having buyer's remorse on this one. Consider other products. This app just isn't reliable enough.
why in the hell do you need my location in order for me to transfer my blood pressure?? it's none of your damn business
Since the app upgrade i have not been able to pair with my Samsung 7. As a result, I rarely monitor my BP at home now since i cant share the data with my doctor.
Does not install easily, and when it does cannot create an account due to "network error." Not usable.
Junk lots of xrap you dont need or use. Not user friendly and cant go back to old app. Not happy AT ALL. I GIVE THIS A ZERO RATING!!
Edit: I contacted customer support, and the representative passed the blame to the AliveCor/Kardia app side. She gave me a number to call to talk to them. I eventually got the Kardia app to function and upload my BP readings (even though I don't have a Kardia device). I later got an email from AliveCor support passing the blame back to the Omron Connect folks. Uninstalled the Omron app because it's trash. Still waiting for the two sides to communicate and get their problems fixed instead of passing blame. ..................... Forced to use new app. It tells me I have a Kardia account (because it auto created one). Can't get past the log in screen for the Kardia account. No idea if the app works or not.
Horrible app. It doesn't connect to your phone. It works the first day and that was it
Doesn't work with Android 10. A company that cannot modify their app in the amount of time that Android 10 has been out is a company that is incompetent.
Can you give less than one star?  This app does not show you a usable graph, nor does it sync to the cloud anymore.  Pointless.  Buy something else.
New update requires you to give location access to the app. Why does an app that is for keeping blood pressure need a location??? Another app uninstall due to Statistic Gathering...
The app doesn't transfer readings even though bluetooth is on, my cuff is in transfer mode, and my phone and cuff are right next to each other
With this app you'll have to upgrade to premium in order to send reports to your doctor. Keep the original app
Tranfered data once, now it dose not. Don't waist your time and money. What a joke this product is.
Works ok but good luck trying to transfer your readings to this app, won't connect most of the time. I wish I had read all the negative posts before I spent $100 for it. I'm going to find a better BP device this one is lame and I don't see them paying any attention to all the negative post. Terrible customer service.
Triple whammy..... i) Forced upgrade. ii) Down loads data from unit but app will not show data. iii) Intrusive. Back to manual entries on spreadsheet. If I knew this was going to happen I would not have purchased a unit with bluetooth. Looks like a waste of money for nothing. One piece of advice for Omron...if it ain't broken then don't fix it. 😡Update..app no longer recognizes unit and still will not download stored data. Bluetooth shows devices as paired. Lost 2 weeks of readings uninstalling
whi i need to create an account? that is BS.
Can't use without creating an account. Would like to be able to use without collecting personal info. I removed it immediately.
I bought it for it's bluetooth transfer option but this app is so bad as to be practically useless.
Exorbitant fees
One of the worst apps. Does very little to make viewing you data useable and everthing is trying to make you spend more money to upgrade and buy more expensive hardware The app for expensive devices should give good analytics
Could not connect with devices adjacent to each other. Quick instruction versus the manual caused confusion. Previous owner complained of measuring inconsistencies of device itself.
If I wanted to give up All of my privacy I'd publish.all my personal info online. Would NEVER consent to the grotesque "privacy policy" of Omron. I may even return the product!
This app is useless could not find my monitor to download. Followed instruction to unpair then pair didn't work. Give me back the old app!!
Doesn't pair
Very buggy. Often fails to connect. Always crashes when I try to read BP history.
Almost impossible to transfer readings from Evolv. Just sits there and spins despite device being in transfer mode. Every once in a while it will transfer my backlog of readings. What's the point if the Bluetooth does not work right?
Was working great until the recent update. Now I have to fight to get my BP cuff to sync with the app. Very disappointing.  Update 04/30: still no luck with this app update. Absolutely hate it. They fixed something that wasn't broken. I have to continually unpair and then re-pair my BP cuff in order to get this app to work properly. Have better luck entering the data manually. Would give negative stars if I could. Ridiculous.
Why do you need high accuracy location services turned on to transfer readings????
new app has broken Bluetooth pairing
Send my data to the U.S.?? Forget you, Omron
My machine (series 10 arm) is amazing. I compare the readings to my doctor's readings and they are near identical so it gives me confidence in my daily measurements. However this app is utter garbage. I've been trying to transfer readings to my phone for three years and still can't get it to work. I'm pretty savvy with software and hardware too so I can't imagine the average person getting any use out of this. I paid extra for the Bluetooth model and feel I got ripped off
I just did 3 readings, and the app says "There are no readings from user 1" 😂...lmao!!!
This app has never worked. It can't even connect to my BP monitor. should be 0 stars.
Unable to pair omron device BP761N. When previously paired, could not transfer readings.
Works some times.
Junk.. can pair with and identify device but then says it can't find it App updated to require personal information before transferring data. I worry they do it to sell to marketers
Terrible app, does not connect with device despite following instructions closely. I finally gave up and tried using the Samsung Health app instead, since I noticed it had a similar data download option via Bluetooth. Sure enough, the Samsung Health app connected easily and pulled the bp readings, so I'm using it instead. Give it a try if you have a Samsung and their app. The actual bp machine is good but surprising that anothe firm's app works better than the company's, but it does for me.
Completely eliminated my old data and can't input anything new in here. I ran a Global Online Operations group for a Fortune 500 company and cannot believe anyone who worked on this app or the previous one is still employed. The business and testing leads should be fired immediately.
absolutely impossible to connect to phone, to transfer my readings, making this a completely useless app. finds device and pairs fine, but it magically cant find the device when attempting to transfer readings.
blue tooth setup is nearly impossible
I am so disgusted with Omron!!! I specifically bought this unit for the Bluetooth sync with the intention of showing my cardiologist results of my new BP med. I went yesterday and had ZERO data to show him!!! The app won't open at all and I am obviously being forced to upgrade to the new garbage paid app. SHAME on you Omron for doing this to people that are dealing with health issues!!! I can't return it but I did make sure to tell my cardiologist to tell his patients NOT to buy Omron!!!
Won't connect
I was willing to let my old 3 * review stand until I saw the ad for the app. the app said the heart app with heart. this is a lot of BS! at First all of the premium features were free. Then they got greedy! this app has no more heart than a rock. if omron cared about its customers we would be offered a one time fee hand all options would be included after pay that fee. I wrote them an email suggesting this they repeatedly tried to defend themselves in overcharging repeatedly for premium services
What a disaster. Lost data in the switch to the new app which was forced on me. Junked up a single function tool (blood pressure) without a whole bunch of other services and products. Will email WireCutter to point out these changes since wirecutter had this as one of their recommended products. Hope they'll remove it from their list, though I'm apparently stuck with this now without all of my readings.
new update makes it worthless.
GIVE ME BACK THE OLD APP! IT WON'T EVEN LET ME HAVE THE OPTION! ARGHHH! YOU MAKE MY BP GO UP! THIS APP SUCKS. DO YOU REALLY TAKE AN EKG EVERY DAY?
Bluetooth is worthless. Model bp7350. Absolutely refuses to connect to Samsung note 10 or iPhone 11. Machine works great, but this app is horrible.
It doesn't seem to work at all. I have bluetooth enabled, the device doesn't respond when I press the button for 5 seconds, and the app doesn't detect the device even when it's right next to it.
Extremely disappointed for a top tier company. This app is not optimized for phone. The bp cards are hard to see on the front screen. The number between cards overlap. The only way to see the current bp is to click in that card. Once in a card you can't view any other bp without existing. When trying to share it doesn't output bp. It only display place holder for ekg, and weight even though of those items were entered. Its so poor I have to write down the bp on paper to share with doctors
location is not important when tracking my personal blood pressure. It's not public records.
Unable to use. The App kept asking to pair. It is. I unpaired it and paired again. Worked. Transfered info and that worked. Looks like everything works with the pairing and app. When I try to use the monitor it says I need to pair. App says cant find monitor. Unpaired and pair again. Works. Attempy to Take BP. Please pair. Rinse and repeat.
Like others have already started, the new app is just another way for someone to collect and sell your data. Shame on your Omron, but you don't care. Uninstalled the app and will NEVER buy another Omron product.
Can't connect with their own meters. Fail.
Data seems to be shared to google. App is a cluster phuck with adds and a paywall for premium.
The original app was undeniably better, the view in the new version is TERRIBLE. It's clear that Omron is in it for the money & they don't actually care about people's health.
You broke the app with the latest update, I can no longer sync the cuff with my phone. The app says it can't find the cuff but the phone shows the cuff in the list of Bluetooth devices.   Bring back the previous release!
The app will not pair the blood pressure monitor BP4350 with our phones now. One of us still has the same phone and the other has a new phone. The app will not pair on either phone now. This has been an issue for the last two months now and it is still a problem. Very disappointing for such an expensive blood pressure monitoring device which is less than a year old.
Omron's implementation of bluetooth is absolutely atrocious. If I could I would use much more expletive language. My $20 pair of bluetooth earbuds from Amazon connect seamlessly to my phone, but the "allegedly' wireless Omron blood pressure monitor is utterly incapable of doing so... over and over again. I have even tried using my wife's phone, to no avail. To the reader, if you want the convenience of bluetooth, return the device immediately and get something else.
The device works ok. However since 2020 November, the app can't connect with Bluetooth anymore. Even re-pair or re-install doesn't work :(
Very disappointed in this app fails to transfer data and fails to tell you specifically why!
Won't pair with new phone.
Upgrade does not work. Buy other hardware
This app force closes when trying to do anything after logging in. Running Galaxy S7 on 8.0.0 Oreo.
Don't buy or use these monitors. They have problems connecting everytime android updates their OS. This isn't rocket science. Just garbage.
The app will not connect to the Omron device unless permission is given to track your physical location. I find this intrusive. If I could still return the monitor, I would. I paid extra for the model with the transfer capability... so in my opinion it should be provided offline without forcing customers into a situation where their personal data can be mined.
Total PoS. This new app will no longer pair with my BP786.
Android (6.0 on) requires(for whatever reason) location permission for bluetooth connection, but there is no requirement to save that data. The pirvacy document for this app states that location data is collected and retained. I cannot think of a LEGITIMATE reason to do so. This casual, routine, and continous erosion of privacy should be resisted. How long before 'they' are recording not only where you are but also who you're with each time you have an orgasm? you ok with that?
Device does not connect to this application or scyn to phone
Privacy is something that omron has decided to invade with this app. Going back to manually recording my readings.
Won't work without location. Location is none of their business!!
Used to sync with Google Fit, but now it doesn't seem to work. Don't know if the Google Fit update broke it or Omron did, but it needs to be fix or there isn't a point of having it Bluetooth!
Tried & failed with two new units to transfer readings to app. Tested every variable - Bluetooth on & off on both my phone & the devices, wifi, positioning, reinstalling app, etc. My phone is a Google Pixel 2 with updated operating system. Devices take readings, but will not pair or stay paired to accurately, legibly (numbers/words overlap), & reliably post. CS worse, they do not have app in front of them (said "it's a long story"). CS acknowledged that manual is confusing, inaccurate, & (cont)
Stupid support says this app ISN'T COMPATIBLE with my LG V50 that Google Play says is compatible & let me download it. It also ISN'T COMPATIBLE with my old LG Stylo 3 that Google Play says is compatible. I spent over an hour on the phone trying to get the idiot to understand that the BP history data is NOT backing up properly to the cloud. The data was on my phone, but when I downloaded the app on the Stylo & logged in, a range of dates was MISSING from what it downloaded from the cloud!
Just as terrible as the Omron wellness app which also refuses to allow my Motorola Droid Turbo 2 and Omron BP786N to talk to each other.  Seriously how hard is it in this day and age to get a frigging Bluetooth device to connect???
Sucks...Omron App gives me high blood pressure trying to make it work.
This app replaced Omron Wellness. It does NOT upload to the Omron Wellness website. The program does not allow any customization. There seems to be no way to return to Omron Wellness.
After opening the device and correctly installing the batteries, I spent 20 minutes trying to connect to the device to the app. No luck. Very disappointed. Returning to the store.
BP786 monitor only ever paired once and then quit and never paired again 
with ANY tablet I try. OVERPRICED GARBAGE!!!
It will not transfer nee measurements from bluetooth connected Omron 786N
Will not download
This app will not work with the more recent versions of Android. I called Omron customer service and they said there are no plans to update the app. I bought a BP796 bluetooth BP unit and its bluetooth feature is useless.
absolutely one of the most disgusting applications I've seen on Google play does not work with my phone it never sends the information to my phone wet and it is paired don't even bother to download
Too much personal info w/no protections guarantee--no HIPAA protections.
Updated on Mar 28, 2018: Omron's App is so bad!!!  - after upgrade the new version, no longer can manually log BMI/body fat...etc. They simply removed this feature. It's bad before, now worse.  - user interface was bad, now even worse, unnecessary information stay right on the main screen, does not allow user to customize or remove it.  Feb, 2018: Very helpful. But too slow.
There should be a way to pair your phone with your BP monitor without having to create an account. There is no reason whatsoever that OMRON needs to keep track of my most personal information. There is no way in *H@?! that I am going to create an account so they can track my blood pressure.
I agree with other reviews, im pretty upset you forced me into this new app when the other was perfect, this seems to only require me to give more information to you about where I'm at. You should not need this information from me. It also doesn't actually improve the transfers in any way. It also states I am past some premium trial I never signed up for anyways, but is kind enough to offer to sell me the previously unasked for premium for $9.99 MO or $99.00 annual fee. How generous of you!
Like most other recent reviews i find this app a huge step backward from the previous version and hate being forced onto it. Cluttered interface, jumbled text and hard to read charts only raise my blood pressure.
Sucks. Give us the option to keep the old ... much better.
Used to be free, now wanted $10/Month.
I bought an Omron Evolve and bought it to pair with an Android phone. After 
receiving it, the monitor won't pair with my Android phone. Called support 
and they said my phone (Nokia) is not compatible. Why did they not mention 
this when I was purchasing on the Omron site? Deceptive marketing? Now they 
say it is my problem that I have a Nokia Android phone and need to buy a 
new compatible phone. No where while purchasing or inon the box does it say 
"Not compatible with Nokia phone". Who ever creates marketing for this 
company is not competent or deceptive if they are compatible. Thanks Omron 
for blaming me for owning a Nokia Android phone.
No longer transfers BP readings from the blood pressure monitor, so it is currently useless as is. Old app worked much better. Design new app to work as well as the old app and add support for tablets as well.
Never used the app. Required sign up and login. Just want the readings on my phone with possible charts and maybe sending the data to my doctor. I don't understand the need for an account. Uninstalled.
dont sync with any phone
Trying to sell service Instructions are clear as mud
The app will not allow me to record my BP without setting up an online account. Also the privacy and terms of service are not viewable for review. I may have to return my new Omron product because of this
You shouldn't need to make an account that's going to collect data for their company. We should be able to log our own data privately.
Junk and nothing but an invasion of privacy. Just bought a blood pressure unit at Walgreens and am returning it because of your poor attempt to get people's info and all the negative reviews here. Many other choices out there. Will never buy anything Omron again. Congratulations! Getting what you're looking for Omron? Not from this guy!
$10 month for full app. gfy omron
App won't pair with bp device.
Terrible! Will not pair with my phone even when I place the phone on top of it.
My OmronBP786 (not the N model) no longer will sync now that I am forced to use this new app. This app recognizes my unit, but refuses to connect during connection phase when the old app connected just fine. All support would say is there 'must be a problem with your old blood pressure unit'... What part of it connects fine with the old app did they not understand?
Piece of sh... Paired once but wouldn't sync. Unpaired, reinstalled, and 
will no longer pair. There is no sense in using the evolv wireless if the 
app does not work.
unable to upgrade to premiem :giv3s error.
Totally worthless app- this app replaced the Omron Wellness app which synced to my blood pressure monitor- this app fails to connect using any procedure Omron suggests- a total failure- worthless
bought new BP monitor and downloaded app even after a lot of bad reviews. They were right, this app dosen't work nothing but error message saying it can't locate device and yet it turns on BP monitor their support is buy our new model...NO WAY sorry i wasted money on this one..Omron are nothing but crooks...i guarantee everyone i come in contact with including my Dr. will know NOT to buy or have anything to do with Omron or their products
I own a BP786 and a Motorola Turbo Droid and the software stopped working about a year ago once my system updated. So I thought i would try the New software.... wrong score zero, still doesn't connect to my phone or my tablet.
UPDATE: Once again I can't open app, must uninstall/reinstall about 1x monthly. Can't open after update on my older android 7.1.1 phone UPDATE: I finally managed to get it to work again. Then stopped being able to sign in again after another update, like before after the update. If I ever manage to get it to work again, I will not update! I don't want to have to buy a new BP machine when I have a perfectly good one...and a perfectly good phone.
I downloaded upgrade today and it won't sync with my Omron. Had to input results manually.
It used to work. Now, I cannot get data from my Omron. Now what? Omron?
Just like everyone else, the damn thing does not work at all on my Note 20 Ultra. However, for those of you who have a BP 7900 and want to take your ECG, there is a workaround. Install the Kardia app and take your ECG reading on it. Works like a charm. The ECG does not require any Bluetooth, it works on a high frequency sound wave.
You people are beyond jerks. I buy the device to check MY blood pressure, but you seem to think MY name and data belong to you now. No! That was my last Omron purchase!
It doesn't work with my Android Samsung Galaxy S8, it didn't work with my HTC M8 either. Its poorly supported.
does not pair with my series 10 bp monitor. worthless. i understand they want money to store your recordings, rediculousness.
Trash Omron sells out now I can't transfer my readings since the stupid upgrade and now they want to charge you to do something that was convenient and simple! BS Shame on you Onron or is it Enron?
terrible 'upgrade'. does NOT transfer readings from monitor anymore with paired device.
Doesn't work. Old app at least transferred readings. This is just broken
Unable to pair BP5450 to Pixel 4 XL. Turns out it's not on the supported device list. Will be returning the monitor immediately due to this issue.
i wish i had looked at these reviews prior to paying extra for the automatic record keeping. I don't understand why you need my location to perform a blood pressure reading. i wil be returning this unit tomorrow.
The app requires users to create an account. I chose not to create an account because the app would not present the Terms of Service nor the Privacy Policy, for my review and consent.
Can't see the graph on my smartphone it's too small and no way to make it 
any larger
The bluetooth is not compatible with my phone (simply refuses to connect) and I do NOT want to be required to sign up for an online account to pull my readings off the monitor.
Can't log into my existing account with the Omron Wellness app, and I don't want to create a new account and lose my historical data. Followed the instructions for downloading and logging in precisely. I contacted Omron who told me to reset my password from this app, which I did, but I still cannot log in with this app. I guess I'll continue using the old app as long as it continues to function and figure out something from there...
complete garbage app...never pairs with monitor...one would think a company would pay attention to the ratings and address the problems that plagued them for so long...they are more interested in getting your email so they can send you a million ads
the old version of the app connected all the time and was easy. this version sucks and doesn't transfer reading consistently. why would omron change to the new method that is a royal pain. I am looking switching BP monitor because of Omron poor development efforts and inability to get the old app that worked back for the customers.
Can't sync to my phone. I was told there was an updated version of the app 
coming but I am still waiting !
Requires login to use. FAIL.
Not connecting to my device BP761CAN
garbage. forced upgrade, can't log in now. this blood pressure appliance was really expensive, looks like extortion from the comments here.
The unit is great and the old app was fantastic. Paired effortlessly everytime. This POS version. Has been nothing but trouble. I bought this cuff for the logging ability. I have so many other health issues I need it to log easily. Maybe a class action suit is needed. I'm an IT person not a tech dummy and it just won't pair with the newest release. UgH.
This is the first review I've ever written, and it's because this app is awful. The app shows the monitor is paired but when you try to transfer the app says it can't find device. Go back to check, it's paired. I paid extra for a BT monitor and it appears it was a waste.
Can't even connect!
I can't get past the step where an account has to be set up. I don't want to share my health information with Omron. They have no reason to have that. I just want to transfer the readings to my phone. Then I can share with my doctor.
I should've read the comments before buying this. Good device but if you plan on using the app, don't waste your time. Bluetooth doesn't work.
App only works if you have devices send the data to it. I prefer to enter things manually and that is not an option. Worthless.
I cannot connect via Bluetooth. It doesn't even let me turn it on the machine.
Device will not stay paired to my phone and will not transfer readings. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app repeatedly, re-paired it with my phone countless times, and have finally had to resort to manually writing down the readings. Save yourself a lot of headaches and just download a BP diary to keep track. if you haven't already had a stroke, you will by the time you get a reading downloaded.
Their machines works well and their hardware has a great reputation. The app is a dumpster fire 🔥 Good luck synching readings, which is the whole point of paying extra for a bluetoorh cuff. They should hire a pro app developer instead of slapping this buggy thing together. It's confusing and buggy to synch and is focused solely on selling you an expensive useless subscription. Go back to focusing on health vs. software sales. Months later, the app will no longer synch with the machine at all, period. Nor will it re-pair with the machine. It has only gotten less reliable.
This app is like buying a printer. You buy a printer cheap, but the ink cost a lot. If you want to give a nice printout to the Doctor, you would have to update to the premium. Which only cost $10 per month. I would love to buy the electrocardiogram, but i'm afraid if I had to get a printout to give to the Dr, it would cost extra.
If I could give negative stars, I would. The old app is now disabled and a person MUST upgrade to the new app. BIG PROBLEM!!, The new app requires personal information, your location, and other info, that this company has NO BUSINESS having in their posession!!. No way in heck that's going to happen! SHAMEFUL decision to force people to upgrade so you can try to sell them things , and require personal info. THAT IS JUST WRONG!!! Just deleted this poor excuse of an app!!!
did not work
This app used to work I haven't used it in a couple months. I'm trying to get a reconnected in it it will not reconnect I have rebooted my phone and tried every troubleshooting step I can find online.
App Stinks. I had the old app and it worked fine. Thus ine won't connect and Omron won't let me go back to the old one. DO NOT UPGRADE TO THIS APP!!!
Says its paired but won't transfer. I have paired this with User 1 (where all my data is) and I am 2 feet away but it says it could not find the monitor. This is very frustrating as I shouldn't need to manually enter my data into the app. The actual monitor seems to work fine.
Worst app ever! CS is just as bad!
Will not connect to my Blood pressure monitor anymore.
Would not sync with phone. App stated wrong passkey or pin. Googled that and found nothing.
I like the old app which I have been using happily for over a year. Now I am forced to "upgrade" to a new app which seems to do what Omron wants me to do not what I want to do. Not happy at all with this.
I do not want to have to create an account and upload my data to a 3rd party. all to do is to keep a record over time that i can show my pcp when i need to. creating an on line account and having another opportunity to get my private phi stolen is not what i want from this app.
App will not sync with blood pressure monitor anymore. The app shows that it is paired. Location permission is enabled. Yet when I click transfer data it says "must turn on location services" . Very frustrating and now app is unusable for me.
The update doeant work. it wont transfer data from my device and says there is a new update every time i try to open it. i have tried uninstalling it and rebooting my phone. no luck.
This new app sucks ! Bring back the old one and fire whoever green lighted this one
Will not pair with Android 11 on Pixel. As many have stated... I have no issues pairing other devices.
I own three of the exact same 10 Series bp monitors, used at different locations all by me. For months I consistently login as User 1. This new app does not allow me to pair more than 1 device under User 1. Therefore, I cannot transfer recordings from 2 of my devices. If I want to include all data over the past months I can only upload manually 1 read at a time. Very frustrated after the money invested in a Bluetooth capable device that is supposed to auto transfer ALL of my readings.
Doesn't open... Grrrrrrr
version 7 totally sucks.
Won't connect to s7 Samsung. Says it's paired but it's not. P keeps flashing and won't connect.
It's not compatible with pixel 2 with Android 10. Zero out of 10 do not recommend
After the new app layout came out, It is no longer easy to use and layout is so bad. Additionally on the extra steps to transfer the blood pressure is so stupid. Please roll back to prior design. Also the request for additional information than what it asked is no appreciated.
Since the update it doesn't not work on my phone.
Forced, I repeat, FORCED into updating into this app. Lost a week's worth of data.  Too late I see the other reviews.  Great BP device. But if this app fails, I'll go back to manually entering my measurements into a spreadsheet.  Update: Immediately after posting this review, I emailed OMRON support directly. Still no response from the support team.
What happened to this app? Used to work fine with my old monitor... had to buy a new one, and now this version and my phone (Samsung S7) don't seem to work right. Like others have said, I can get it to pair just fine with my phone, but when I go to transfer, it says it can't find my monitor- moments after pairing with it! Would be nice to get this fixed!! EDIT: 2020 Still not working even with s20 ultra! 😡
Quit connecting to monitor
The app asks you to accept a privacy agreement before creating a mandatory account. The app link to the privacy agreement goes to a blank page. Looking online at the agreement and the extra information California requires them to provide, I don't like that it allows them to collect identifiable health information and sell it to third parties. If the app were useful without an account, which adds no real value, it might be useful, but I guess I will never know.
Worst app ever. Pairing took about 3 hours to finally accomplish. Now almost 100% of the time the app doesn't sync with the BP7000. On the rare occasion it does sych and the 7000 displays "OK" there is no bp reading displayed in the app (though the app does indicate the date and time of the latest reading, for whatever that's worth). In all, a half-baked app for a so-so BP monitor. I still have the Omron HEM-670IT (wrist) which has graphical displays for the last 7 weeks of daytime and night time readings. Tested against the new 7000 the 670IT reads within 3-4 Dia and 4-5 Sys. Get one if you can find it.
All about $$$ Premium features to pay for Stuff it for what the monitor cost Omron
The old app was better. Can no longer access previous readings and reset PW function just circles. Sorry no option to update, since it was forced
Morons ruined a great product. Now I know where their name comes from. My monitor went in the trash today. Will never buy another Omron product. Went with a Welch Allyn.
The old app let you take your BP and transfer it to your phone. Perfect.. And then forced to switch to new app and you need set up an account before you can use. Way to much hassle for what I want to do.
Monitor works great but the App sucks. Won't pair to my brand new Note 10. Good luck omron moron
Had no option but to accept new app to replace old one which was basic and worked well. New one does not work with existing BP monitor and does not upload total history. Formatting of reports is very unclear. I rate this app totally worthless.!
Doesn't work anymore. Only good to android 9.0. Once my phone updated it will not sync with my omron app.
horrible. lots of bp measurements in the cuff. many lost the date so can't track history. app cant find ones in cuff that do have date. great concept with disastrous execution by omron. much worse with this version of app. total failure. ruined a previously good product and killed the feature i bought it for. Bad to worse, export function missing critical info and upgrade to paid version doesn't work at all. Stay away don't buy.
Bought yesterday. Returning today after trying to install the app. I should not have to provide PII and allow access to everything just to sync the BP Cuff to my phone. It looks like $100 for the hardware isn't enough for the company anymore, they now want to turn the app into a profit center an sell personal information for more revenue.
Same issues as other reviews; won't connect to Samsung S10 phone even though phone can see it, tells me I need an app - I did download the app. When agreeing to terms, only shows you a blank page for privacy policy, etc. Spent over an hour trying to pair, and yes - I read and followed the directions!!!! OMRON - YOU SHOULD BE ASHAMED FOR PUTTING OUT A GARBAGE APP LIKE THIS, and ADVERTISING WIRELESS TRANSFER THROUGH BLUETOOTH - MY BLOOD PRESSURE SKYROCKETED JUST TRYING TO PAIR THE DEVICE.
Won't connect Android 10.0
Doesn't work with Google fit. When i tap on the option nothing happens.
The update ruined the app and now they want you to pay $10 per month for access to past readings.  I will definitely find a different brand.  Completely done with Omron
Unable to get app to connect.
sucks dont download want old app
Trying to pair this app with a wrist monitor is impossible.
Update lost an entire months worth of recording. New version not reliable.
After update I can't pair my Evolv anymore. I got confirmation of successful pair, but next screen says no paired device. Install, uninstall, pair, unpair... Same thing. I am in a circle. The whole reason of a smart BT is to be able to connect automatically. Now I have an expensive device and need to manually input all the readings. Better go with a cheap BP Monitor, a notebook and pen. It was working great before update. Please give back the old app or fix the issues
old version much more user friendly. difficulty looking at history and pushing to market/sell continually.
Very difficult to switch between users to see history for each user. Cannot find how to enter weight for BMI calculation. Almost no instructions how to use app.
Lost a month of my saved readings like others. And can't go back to the old version which worked just fine. Arrrgggghhhh
Would not connect. Tried another phone and it paired but is unreliable. Requires an account. I DONT WANT A DAMN ACCOUNT!!! IT IS MY DATA AND I HAVE INTEREST IN SHARING IT!!
Didn't even start signing up. The fact that you require me to give you all these permissions just to use the app is absolutely horrendous. You want gather and use my information? My information will go over seas first? Get ******** I am NOT your product!
The app has stopped syncing with my series 10 bp monitor. I also have an Evolv and it doesn't sync with that either.
Does not transfer readings after paring via Bluetooth.
The pairing in this app is terrible. I have tried pairing with my device dozens of times and only had it work once.
Constant problems. Everytime "can't find monitor" message. Would have to unpair and pair again!
just uninstalled
Won't work for older blood pressure units. So sad 😔 unistalling
The new update is garbage. Get rid of the graph or at least have it option 
to view it in line form and not graph. App is almost unusable.
The app wont pair with my devise. This app is completely useless. For the price of this unit, I expected supporting software that would be able to pair and sync data. What a waste of time and resources just to find this out.
I cannot get the App to properly read my blood pressure because the even though location on my Samsung Galaxy Note 9 is on, the App keeps telling Me "Enable Location Services" This is very, very, very frustrating!! And My Doctor needs Me to email My Readings. Please Do an Upgrade or get another App Programmer!! The Non Functionality of this App raises my Blood Pressure!! 10/16/2018..Still does not work after update!!! Still asking Me to "Enable Location Services" and I have Location On!! Fire The App Programmer!!! And on 11/26/2018 after this Baaadd Update, I still get the same "Enable Location Services" Error Message on My Samsung Galaxy Note 9..So I unpaired it and now I cannot pair it because the App is still giving me the "Enable Services Location" Error Message. This is Raising My Blood Pressure!!
This app never syncs.
Garbage. Tried over a dozen times to connect this app. It is very poorly set up.. it is supposed to help you monitor your blood pressure, not RAISE it!
Installed new app. unable to download info from Omron model 10. at least the previous app worked . Thanks for nothing.
Unable pair Galaxy S8.
this app will not connect or communicate with Samsung health. Why?
Despite having connected it to Google Fit, no syncing takes place. There is no need to require permission to access location, as others have stated.
Making people pay for what was available in the first app after less than a month free trial. Cheap con move Omron. I won't be forgetting
license agreement requires ads and data sent to US
Awful app. It forces me to go to the Play Store each time I started up because it says there's a new version. And I can no longer transfer any of my readings from my monitor into the database.
Had to tap calendar 200 times to set up my birthday in profile. Really? And 
nearly impossible to connect to my blood pressure device. And you deluge me 
with ads for premium? Get your act together.
What a completely horrible forced update. I used to love my omron and its data. After this (forces data collection, location information to sync over bluetooth, etc), I will never buy an omrom again.
Won't pair with my phone, Galaxy S10e. I have the BP device in pairing mode, the app quickly finds the device but won't actually pair, just sits on the pairing screen with the spinning circle until it gives up.
New app is horrible, don't buy an omron. I need to go to amazon and put a review there where it would matter. When new app came out, I tried it. To get old app reinstated, my wrist meter had to be reset so I lost all the readings. This time, I'm not being tricked into downloading new app. Will just shop for a different brand. My omron screen just stays stuck on a blue screen. Apparantly old app has been disabled. Maybe some programmer out there will make and sell us a new app.
This App is pure evil. They will take your personal health data and sell it. Then you will see nothing but pharma ads on Google and Face Book. Bugger off Omron...
Just want it to track my BP. App requires you to agree to them sharing your info and sending you more BS advertisements!
bad app..it takes forever to register and reregister and re...100 times.does not connect to the telephone...you try and try
Says that it syncs with Google Fit, but it doesn't work.
Rubbish
Will not connect and it is pissing me off.
Cannot connect to Google Fit
Completely unusable...  Previous version was mediocre at best.    This app takes non usability to a whole new level... Basically its a data base to get personal data without the user even getting the benefit of recorded readings (fails Bluetooth connection, GUI is complete garbage)  Don't waste your device memory on this.  I uninstalled immediately after the recent "update"
never will pair will the monitor!
Your surrendering your privacy regarding your health with this app.
New software, but still can't connect to your expensive BP monitor. Fix the 
Bluetooth!
Will not pair, useless
Need to remove alivecor. I paid good money for a series 10 blood pressure and i am constantly annoyed by pop up advertising for alivecor ecg which i do not want. i tried to get the older app version but it won't let me create a new account and directs me to the new app which is quite deceiving. remove alivecor and it would get 4 stars. Wow i just tried the report feature; i need to pay for a better report - Omron you just list me as a customer. Would give zero star if I could.
I keep getting unclassified readings and none of the online features - e.g., pay to get a clinician review - work
Waste of time, when the app connected at first but now it won't connect. Will not connect to google fit.i have tried to contact support but they take 2 days between emails. Did you disconnect and reconnect? They ask. Yes did that then did you uninstall and reinstall 2-3 days later? Yes I did... 3 more days did you try with a different phones? Yes I tried with 4 different phones. I will now run it over with my car before dealing with this faulty blood pressure monitor.. good bye Omron!
Why exactly is such a rudimentary app bigger than most games? Secondly and 
more importantly, why do I need to create an account? It's filth like you 
people that ruin people's trust. My info is mine and I should be able to 
use the app and keep my info on my phone or computer NOT YOURS. I'll be 
returning the BP monitor thanks to this spyware app.
a total waste of time and money. i bought this because of the bluetooth but the software is a mess.
Why would this app need access to my contacts?
Hate the updated version of this app. Bring back the last version. Readings 
are all jumbled. It's not easy to view readings and your now going to 
charge a monthly fee for this crappy app. No thanks will find something 
else than your product.
Horrible, bring back the old app. Does not sync to my device by more and you are forcing me to share my location. Will be looking for another app.
Forced to update to this useless APP. Terrible company. The older software worked. After 3 weeks, it now says can't connect to my BP device. What a waste of time.
Won't pair. Tried to pair with the arm and wrist units. I have samsung 7. Agree with e eryone worthless.  Great idea. They need to fix this
Can't connect to Omron BP761CAN. Bluetooth can find the devices network name but it will not connect to Oneplus 6 or a Samsung Galaxy S5. The "older version" of the app that is listed as compatible with the BP761 forces an upgrade to this version of the app.
Supposed to be the control for my very expensive Omron Evolv BP monitor.  Followed directions. Immediately says it runs into error when launched.  Never get to even use the app.  Not good.
Same old trash as before. Won't pair with any device.
This app is broken. It pairs ok and shows to be downloading the readings. However, after a short period of time, a error pops up on the phone stating that "the app is unable to find the monitor". I have unpaired and repaired the monitor and uninstalled and reinstalled the app but the problem still exists.
Forcing to create an account. Forcing to enable GPS!!! I regret buying Bluetooth enabled device from Omron.
Cannot get this to pair with iPhone or Samsung tablet. Not a good purchase
shame on you omron! nobody needs another way of compromising your personal information Just for this spy/big brother app I would give you zero stars if I could This app is useless so is your brand new BPM which I purchased and now returning for a refund
Bluetooth connect sucks. Old app was good. This isn't ... And annoying me raises BP!!
Thinking about returning my Omron Evolv after just getting it. I paired it with the app, and the following day I could not get it to connect and sync the BP readings anymore...
Hate it since it updated and changed everything
Old app was working fine. Can't connect my device to the new one, it's 
junk. Omron needs to address this issue. Screwed up in order to make more 
sales. Very dissatisfied. Will find a different brand that actually works.
I don't want my health info in the cloud where it can be monetized without benefit to me. Also don't trust that it will be kept private. omron should provide means to download data to device without upload to cloud
The BP monitor is inaccurate!
Sucks
Go to where you bought the BP Cuff and rate it there! I went to Amazon where I bought my Omrom BP cuff and rated it a 1! People find out about this pitiful app and policy with your data mining too late. I want them to know that not one post has been responded by Omrom and if they want to use Omron's BP app to aggregate their data, they are going to be SOOOO disappointed! There are other more reliable brands out there! STAY AWAY! By the way, I'm a nurse with close to 40 years experience.
Tried 5 times to sync up the device. Does not work. I already own an omron wrist device and was hoping this would record readings instead of tracking manually. Back to using my excel spreadsheet.
Spent money I really didn't have for a reliable monitor that would sync to phone to be able to send reports to doctor. Can't even get the monitor to sync to the phone even after multiple attempts contacting support. Wish I could get my money back and get something else.
Unable to pair a phone with the monitor.
Piss poor! It will not connect with my Samsung 9+S. It says it's not compatible.
I was forced to update to this app that now charges $10/month for the ability to print out a PDF report of my history (after I already paid for your device)? You have to be kidding me.  Creating a report with some data is trivial, and PDF creation has been around for 25 years.  This is not a "Premium Feature" that is worth $120/year".  This app is just taking advantage of people who don't know better, and it makes Omron look greedy.  My recommendation for users is to just export the CSV file, when needed, and don't pay for this.  Anyone that needs the data (e.g. a doctor), will be knowledgeable enough to use the data as provided in the CSV.
Can't get the device to pair up with my phone
Old app was easier to use. You have to make a new account so all of your old recordings are wiped out. There's no way to transfer old recordings even if they are still saved on your machine. They are trying to make you pay for features as well now. It also forces you to use location data. clearly trying to sell your most personal data.
Stopped connecting to Omron BP system in less than a week. The rest of the app is trying to get you to buy and use their other products. I went back to recording my BP in a different app. Very disappointing, but I wasn't looking forward to having yet another app sucking up my data. So... cool?
Overall okay but history graphs suck beyond comprehension. It is mostly an effort to sell you on the ridiculously expensive "service" which is curious because isnt that why we bought the device in the first place? Pure money grab plain and simple. We bought your product you should give us the tools to use your product as advertised and not give us some shady BS in the hopes we are stupid or desperate enough to shell out even more money to use the device we already paid for.. Pathetic...
This app replaced the Omron Wellness app which worked with my BP786N. All readings transferred to Omron Connect and the app recognizes my BP786N but does not connect/transfer from my smart phone{Galaxy S6}what gives with this inability to give users correct app? Fix it or can it. Contacted Omron via phone and corrected issue. I had 2 BP cuffs loaded and only one can have info transferred to the app. My BP786N is no primary.
Will not pair with my Android phone. Other devices pair just fine so the issue is not on my end. Frustrating because this was something I was wanting and one of the biggest reasons for my purchase.
I would give this a zero if I could.
once you upgrade app you need to write down your info, FOR A BLOODPRESSURE APP!!!!! are you kidding me, totally worthless to me now.
Absolutely worthless app. Goes through the pairing process with my Evolv, successfully it says, but NEVER shows up in the app and the app ALWAYS says I have no paired devices. So it's totally a waste of time.
Omron app will not pair to samsung Galaxy S9/S9+ with Android 10, but it will pair to a phone with Android 9. Omron team,, please provide the app update.
I had to change phones after my last one died. OMRON doesn't support the new Samsung phones. The blood pressure monitor is no longer smart. I'd rethink my purchase to look at other machines that maintains their technology. Kinda irked to say the least.
This app wouldn't even open on the phone nor would it allow me to connect to Bluetooth.
Does not work!! Can't pair or transfer. It worked fine before. Now I feel like my BP is off the charts!!
DO NOT BUY PRODUCTS..And now its worse.. Can't screenshot. Downloaded 
info/charts useless for doctors. Still insist on you keeping data on cloud 
Are you HIPPA compliant? How do you resolve this. Why so many permissions 
?.. LET CONSUMER STORE DATA and be able to make useful charts n graphs
My BP786 will not pair to this app on Samsung S9+. It did previously to iPhone 6s, which I unpaired before trying. I tried many, many times. The S9+ connects by Bluetooth quickly to a PC in another room!
I just purchase an amron blood pressure monitor and just couldn't pair my Samsung to the Omron device. I don't know if is the Omron or application. Or both.
I would NOT RECOMMEND this to anyone. It worked fine until you update the app; then as if on command it will NOT transfer readings-in fact they it will not even pair. This is an expensive piece of junk. You could buy much cheaper product that doesn't use an app. If I could give it less than 1then I would. Someone should sue these people for false advertising!
Would be great I'm sure except sync doesn't work when Garmin connect is 
installed. Instead it calls the sync routine for garmin instead of its own. 
You can't have both apps installed at the same time or they conflict.
I have trouble transferring my information from omron to my phone. I am told cannot find onron.
Unable to sync to Samsung phone rendering this app useless. Very disappointing because that's its main feature. Wouldn't recommend this machine or app
Bluetooth sync doors not work
It is not working anymore. It can't sync my readings on my Note 9! OMRON should fire the developers that did this! Please fix this quickly!
Worst. Update. Ever. The old app worked perfectly with easy to read, streamlined data that synced to the cloud. New app now won't transfer or store my readings, making getting the information to my doctor impossible now. Whoever design this "upgrade" should be fired. People's health is at stake and this loss of connectivity and data is reckless and irresponsible.
Same as Mario bonilla exactly. They screwed up the last update
Compete garbage. There's no good reason to require my location in order to sync data over Bluetooth, and as others have said, it also shouldn't require personal information like date of birth.
Unfortunately, this app is how you can transfer data off an Omron. It stinks.  Apparently Omron never heard of computers.  Setting your age is an incredible pain in the neck, where the interface for that was designed by a first grader on drugs.  It uses a calendar interface which requires stepping thru each month--for a product to be used mostly by people older than the default year, and to add insult to injury if you DO step back to your real birth date, and select OK, it goes right back to the default.   To add to the incompetence factor, you can't even edit your birth date on the Omron web site...and if you de-install and re-install it goes back to the bad birth date.      The Omron meters themselves are nice, but their ability to write software is charitable described as brain dead.  It makes you think about whether their meters are similarly incompetent and poorly thought out.    De-installed it, worthless.
This forced "upgrade" will not even let me log in with my current email address and password. After reading all the comments of other users I'm not going to set up a new account just to work with faulty software. This is completely unacceptable. 2/4/2019. I'm 72 years old with a profound hearing loss and tremors in my hands for typing. Communication to resolve this is a major obstacle for me. Therefore I purchased a Bluetooth product from a competitor based on American Heart Association limits.
Will not pair BP7350 with my Pixel 5. Totally worthless.
Cannot pair bt
Very unacceptable. I bought the BP machine because it linked with blue tooth to my phone. Then they updated the app and made my Galaxy 7 with Android 8.0 incompatible although android 6.0 is ok. What a ripoff to advertise one feature and then illuminate it.
Terrible app. Why do I need to create an account and send my data to Omron? Hey Omron, just make the monitor work locally with phone so logging is easy.
old app was wonderful ruined a good thing
after update l lost all my data this garbage they force you to buy more garbage greedee company claim to be health company
privacy stealer. garbage. can't use without giving up personal info.
It pairs up no issue but when i try and transfer info, the app tells me it can't find the device.
Shocker, doesn't pair. How is this still a problem with devices!? It's not 
new technology! Having to use a different app that doesn't fail.
Even though location on my Samsung Galaxy S7 is on, the App keeps telling me to "Enable Location Services" . I liked better the old Omron App; it worked fine and kept track of all my readings.
Seems this application is designed to raise your blood pressure.Cant seem to upload data over Bluetooth.
Will not sync with my android phone. I have followed all the directions.
There is a place for notes. However, the notes show in the app but when you go to print a report or email a report to yourself or the doctor, the notes do not show or print out! Totally worthless! I have been told by support weeks ago that they plan to update the app & correct this. Also, the time down to the seconds is not needed. This prints out on report & makes it confusing. Just need simple date & time. Get rid of the Normal, Hypertension stages, etc. Confuses pts.
may 19 update failed to correct any of the apps bugs
Won't pair after 10 attempts
App identifies correct device but fails to connect to BP786 model
Garbage. Will not pair with my smartphone Bluetooth. Have tried everything to no avail. This would be so helpful in getting my readings to my put of state doctor....if it worked.
It stopped syncing via Bluetooth. Even after troubleshooting pairing per their site's instructions, it's useless. Will return the device and uninstall the app.
Garbage! It records only half of my readings, if at all. I'm returning my device.
Can't agree to blank terms of service and blank privacy policy. Neither link works, cannot create an account without agreeing to nothing. Uninstalled
Why would I want Omron to have access to my medical data? Sorry. That's between me and my doctor. Uninstalled.
Won't pair with device. Apparently no versions of Android that are less than two years old are supported.
this app sucks
Will not pair with iphone 6. Bluetooth between phone and BP 7000 is fine, but app is not recognizing it! Works with wife's galaxy phone...Disappointing
tried multiple times to as device it sees it but simply won't add it. so back to manual Evernote settings, at least i won't have to worry about a future update which makes me give up more personal data to access the Bluetooth Auto feature i paid for. please reenable the old app, it worked fine.
Cannot pair will not recognize device ...grrrrr
Stopped connecting to any android devices.
... What was the matter with the old app? ... I do not like being forced to install an app. ... There is no obvious need to know my location. ... Location is on, app says it is not! ... As a result I cannot download my data. ... Really hard to rate the app since I cannot use it.
My fancy new Omron Platinum BP monitor won't pair with my Pixel phone, seems to be the trend. Too bad, returning monitor.
Omron appears to have taken a giant step backward with the introduction of this app.  Formerly, one could use the Omron Wellness app in conjunction with a Wellness website to produce extremely useful charts and graphs, modifiable by AM, PM, weekly, monthly, and yearly.   They apparently now think all their users are Excel experts and can do this on their own.  Otherwise, I'm sure there will be an upcoming option to PAY for this capability.
Terrible app! I'm uninstalling it right now. I'm keeping the BP monitor as it was able to pair successfully with Samsung Health with no issues. I prefer not to have another app on my phone anyway.
The old Omron app was fine... this one is a disaster! Makes me sorry that I upgraded to a new "bluetooth capable" Omron BP tester. I should have saved my money and stayed with my old BP tester.
Very poorly designed app
this new app raises my blood pressure. how did this pass Q&A ?! although i installed new version, i start the app and it says new version available and goes to play store. no update so i open app. takes several times to transfer then doesn't transfer all. please fix this! there where zero issues with previous versions!
Cannot connect using Bluetooth. BP monitor does not appear on list of Bluetooth devices after pressing and holding Bluetooth button on the back (Series 10 unit).
Cant get the app to pair with my monitor, try to enter bp manually and wont save my entry.
The app on my LG G8 recognizes my BP786 to initiate Bluetooth pairing, but I cannot complete the pairing even with both devices next to each other. The pairing process just times out with an "Error" prompting me to retry the pairing process.
Stopped transferring my BP since I got a new phone!
Poor! I spent an hour trying to connect my Galaxy S10+ via Bluetooth & it will not connect. My phone sees the device but it just will not connect. It seems more like an issue with the device. May have to take it back.
It's as bad as everyone says...unfortunately. Apart from the requirement for setting up a account just to transfer data, the app is very poor and I have not been successful getting it to work on an S9. It's hard to believe that a company with decent products would allow such garbage.
App shows logon screen for a moment then a error message. Using Android 7.1
I'm with everyone else about the App. Completely useless. The physical unit is great. Quiet, easy to read and use. So my review is on the App, not the device. They say they are paired, it shows up on my Bluetooth device, but they are continuously trying to connect. Nothing gets transmitted. I have the wrist unit BP6350. They have a video on their website of how to connect, but the link is unavailable. Hopefully we will see an update that fixes this issue.
Fail!! Will not even let me register. I just bought an omron 10 w/ bluetooth.....
This app will pair up and next time it won't pair up. Useless, it raises my blood pressure trying to use the app.
Older version is much better, this one keeps telling me that need to enable my location even tough is ON.. Impossible to transfer my data!!!!! Completely usless!!! And the worst is that the older version of app force me to use this version 😢😡😡😡😡.
Unusable. Takes an hour to pair, won't retrieve past readings, full of 
nagging for useless "premium" upgrade$$$. Awful! Old app works better and 
was free. AVOID AT ALL COSTS.
This app is so bad, I'll return the bloody blood pressure machine and buy the competition one. The old app was simple to use and had only what was required. This new one, it actually raises my blood pressure. Just a fact, it shows 122 with 80 as hypertension. Really? It's requires more steps to use or read the history as previous version. Can't use the good, simple old one as I was forced to move to the new one (and lost couple of weeks of data in the process) . Hey, Omron, Keep It Simple Stupid.
Wish I could rate this 0 ! Totally deceptive advertising. I bought this monitor with the assurance I could email my doctor saved records. I spent more money on this monitor for that feature but I am not going to allow them to steal my personal info..be sure to read the privacy policy. Deceptive and immoral. I plan on reporting them to the Better Business Bureau.
This app sucks! I prefer the previous version better. If I can't get the old back, I'll find a different brand.
I paid a lot of money for the blood pressure monitor only to have the app try to up-sell me on "premium" features. Worse yet, theyre asking for _regular_ payments, not even a one-time payment!
can't login
This app forces you to give it permissions including location before pairing devices. Even after permissions have been granted, it still says you need to enable them before pairing. This app is bloated- over 100mb. There are tons of notifications and reminders that force you to pet the app regularly. The privacy policy basically says they can share your information with anyone.
Still Won't pair   I've tried with two cell phones, an up-to-date Pixel and though the device did pair intermittently in the past, I still can't get it to find the BP-786N, despite having followed the direction to reset and retry several times.  I wish I'd stayed with a device that used a wired USB connection.
Invasion of Privacy. Another company is making the software now. They want your full name and birthdate, and for you to turn on your GPS location. I purchased this machine a year ago. Now I can't return it and can't use it as intended. PISSED OFF!!!
It is only used for USA & Canada
New app no longer pairs with my BP761
Sorry to be repetitive, but the Bluetooth connection is so unreliable that it is issues. I'm using a Samsung Tab S2, Android version 7 and can sometimes connect and transfer reading, sometimes not. I actually lost a reading that is still in memory, but will not transfer. Wished I had read these reviews before my purchase and expectation that readings would seamlessly and reliably transfer via Bluetooth. App doesn't even transfer to my Samsung Galaxy 10 phone.
Used to work well after not being able to find the meter sitting alongside it for awhile. For some months now it simply won't connect. Very very annoying to have to handwrite all the measurements when i bought this meter because of the Bluetooth capability.
Uninstalled due to your willingness to share my personal information.
Won't connect to note20 ultra. I tried all omron fixes. No luck just uninstalled.
This app collects your personal medical data. You cannot use the app unless you create an account. You cannot create an account unless you agree that all your medical information (and identifiable information) will be transferred to this foreign company. They make no warranties about the security of that data, or how it could sold to insurance companies to set your premiums. Stay away! Buy a different blood pressure monitor.
Could not pair
The old app worked well. The new app unnecessarily asks for location permission and as of writing I have been unable to see the app results reflected on the website despite being logged in. The strong upsell to the premium service is not something I would expect for this type of product.
cant read from bp786n after pairing. requires creating an account on their web and signing away all your permissions. most useless app ive ever tried.
Hate the new interface. Guess they had to screw up a good thing
Requires location to transfer blood pressure readings, as well as allowing them to use your identifiable data. Not usable until they change this unnecessary requirement.
will not allow me to transfer via bluetooth now and not a fan of being forced into having to use this app
There's no sharing of BP readings to Samsung health, google fit, or any other health application.
Was just forced to update the new app... Unit is paired but won't transfer any reading... NEVER had an issue with the old app. This app is pointless for me and my husband now... Main reason we went witn this brand was the ease of transferring readings and tracking. I'm sooo disappointed in this app... Will not be recommending it to family or friends... I'm sorry to those I had. Please don't reply with the "please contact us so we can resolve your issue" line! We're all having the same issue! Thx
terrible update, what was once a useful companion app to my device has now turned into a convoluted piece of garbage intent on selling me other Omron products I do not need or want.
New Version is Terrible. Old version worked much better. New Version wants payment to do what I could do with the Omron BP device and software when i purchased the devices.
Glitchy app and my Omron blood pressure monitor manual gives very little help as to troubleshooting. Disappointing. Worst app I've ever encountered.
Worked fine with my old Note 5, now it won't pair with my Galaxy 10. Blood pressure cuff won't work without this privacy intrusive app either. Worthless waste of my hard earned dollars. I'll never buy anything Omron again. Where's my refund Omron?
Does not pair with BP761
App simply does not function sufficient for basic use. It cannot pair with the BP786 monitor. It was advertised as having bluetooth connectivity. I am a computer engineer and after dozens of various attempts to pair it does not work.
When I saw such a low rating and read some of the reviews I honestly didn't believe it could be that bad. I assumed it must be some stereotypical older folks who aren't familiar with Bluetooth, smart phones, and modern technology. I assumed wrong. It really is horrible. It is the farthest thing from user friendly and the permissions are excessive. As of January 22, 2020 it is a garbage app with garbage instructions, and garbage Bluetooth connectivity. Buyer beware!
It won't transfer data
So an app that monitors your blood pressure decides to update and wants you to remember a password from a year ago, wont send you an email to reset it. My blood pressure is rising just having to deal with this. very dissatisfied.
horrible app, poor quality, features dont work
App will not connect with bluetooth device
Simply doesn't work. Complains that location service is off when it's ON and app has permission to use it. Why is location even required (let alone mandatory) to sync data from machine to phone. Shoddy coding, terrible privacy practices and TOU, just plain bad.
This is messed up
It's much better and almost everything works The device transfers readings to my phone and it syncs blood pressure information to Google fit. The only thing still not working is the heart rate is not being synced to Google fit. Someone is reading reviews and doing something about it. 5 stars if they sync heart rate to Google fit. Update 12/15/2020: Nothing works now. It will not sync with the monitor nor will it sync with Google fit. I have unpaired and repaired, uninstalled and reinstalled.
Would not connect to my BP6350 wrist monitor.
Just spent over $200 on a device that doesn't work because of Omrons choice of developers. Zero UX consideration, zero connectivity, zero feedback as to why. Seems more important that they collect marketing data than provide a functional application! Strongly suggest that if you're looking to buy products requiring this application you do not. I will be returning my unit.
Woops! Looks like the summary report feature advertised on the website as being free is now actually a 10 dollar a month feature. Yeah sorry 'bout that everybody! Either put them on your permanent payroll or hand your doc your phone and watch their eyes glaze as they start scrolling through a month of raw data before handing it back to you having gleaned absolutely nothing of value without the summary report.
Do not download this app. It will not transfer BP readings over to a CVS file
Doesn't sync with device.
I ordered the wireless series 10, then found this REQUIRED app here, with all the negative "last update completely screwed up" reviews and assessments vs their gathering more personal info than is needed, requiring a login, and tying to Google fit.   I sent query vs all of this neg pub & having a rating that would cause MOST users to completely bypass the app. (2.3 & dropping fast)  Their response? An outsourced-to-India script kiddie cut and pasted an irrelevant non-answer and completely ignored the issues I noted, largely encompassing the negative points of other reviewers with whom I fully agree. No response to the fact that many or most of us are returning the product.  No care.  Horse bleep company.
The Omron Wellness app worked fine. Then, Omron 'improved' on it with the Omron Connect app. Now, the monitor and cellphone will pair, but they will not transfer data. The app's support team provided advice, which proved to be as ineffective as the app itself. If the Bluetooth transfer feature is important to you, you should consider a different solution.
It lost my account details
App stopped recognizing my BP device POS.!
Can't pair Omron Evolv at all
Forced update. Required to turn on location services, WTH!?! Doesn't sync readings. Horrible app.
Totally useless app🤮🤮. Don't bother installing and creating account. As some other users have said I would have given 0 if I could.
Takes forever to enter date of birth. Says location is OFF?????
Worked the first two times them will no longer transfer data. Since it has been over two months with no update, it is useless. FIX IT OMRON!
Agree with everyone complaining about this new app.It is absolutely horrible. wont sync, lost data. Now recieving junk mail. DONT download this app! If you have high blood pressure, be assured it will only get worse trying to get your readings to transfer and sync.
My Omron bp786n model will not connect to the Omron app. Had minor issues 
concerning this with the old app, but I've only been able to connect to 
this app maybe three or four times in several weeks that I've had it. my 
son sees how stressed out I get about it and how much time I'm spending 
trying to connect the two he's trying to convince me to put out a Omron 
website hack request to his friends and Buddies
They took a decent app and provided this rubbish. They took away all the good BP reporting options from the app and website. Pretty much useless to me now!
Asks for permissions it already has. Refuses to transfer readings because it is too stupid to realize it already has the permissions. I also can't even use the old app because every time I launch it a message pops up and forces me to install this garbage.
no support form manufacturers the price for mailing it back to the us
Try to connect BP device, finds it, I select user and then nothing. Never connects. Tried multiple phones, no luck.
App will not connect to blood pressure monitor.
This week's upgrade is horrible!  I loved the old history display (very readable, easy to review data visually, easy to show docs the details).  The history display now is horrible! A graph?!? Are you kidding me? I need the old listing back!  And whay is this about a 1-month trial? Seriously?  Put the old version back,  and for free!
Incredibly disappointed and I feel like I've been lied to. There was no indication that you had to not only sign up for an account but you literally sign away the rights to all your data. It also gets sent to the USA. I bought the blood pressure monitor because I wanted to sync the data with my phone not to also sign away my privacy and rights. I'm going to return the blood pressure monitor and will likely go with another provider. Incredibly low Omron, I feel violated.
Won't even pair with my bp761
Won't connect. I bought the Omron 5250. My S10 is on the supported list for devices, the app finds the device in pairing mode, but never pairs. Useless app.
Update: After almost 4 years since I have bought the device, I still can't pair an Android phone with it (Pixel 2XL now). Original: A completely new and improved app that also can't connect to my OMRON blood pressure device via Bluetooth.
please, please, please don't buy this junk. it doesn't work
1 star is too high of a rating but play stord won't leg you do 0 stars. App will not pair with bp7450. Phone sees the device and app sees device. But app fails connecting to it. Phone will connect with device but not this app. App is terrible and since it won't pair with device app is pretty much worthless. Don't waste time. What's so bad is unless you have an old phone that has an outdated os, be it Apple of Android this app won't work. SHAME ON YOU Omron.
Does not pair with Samsung S10.
As mentioned earlier, requires making account to save data with OMRON. I tried clicking on Privacy Policy and Terms of Service link but it goes to a blank page. I would love to download data off machine but want to have control over my personal health information (PHI).
old app was much better.
terrible interface...lots of issues pairing with device. Has several bugs. This app is a disaster.
This app is useless !!!!!
Needs to be updated for new phones . It will not connect to bluetooth
Couldn't get it to work. All i wanted to do was take my BP.
Cannot pair with my 2 year old phone... I bought this for that feature. Quite annoying.
doesn't sync as well as previous app. also no longer connects to walgreens app to get bonus points. i upgraded from a different brand just because of this. and now its gone.
I have a BP761CAN monitor and it will not pair with this app or directly 
with my phone. Did not have this problem with the previous app (maybe my 
new phone is the problem but I cannot check it because the new app is not 
compatible with my tablet and I cannot install the older app as I have been 
migrated to the new one app on the Omron site... catch 22)
Will not par with S20
I'm reinstalling the app because it won't access the Omron machine. Very unreliable connection. Also not easy to download the data to my PC.
ABSURD INVASION OF PRIVACY!!! Previous versions of this app allowed you to connect your BP monitor to download and track history. Those are now disabled and the forced upgrade requires you to agree to ridiculously long terms which prevent you from litigating even if when your privacy is violated. They now also collect FAR MORE info from your phone including your precise location, and require your full name, date of birth, etc... just to create the web account required. STOP SELLING MY DATA!!!
very bad i was so excited about the tech. paired the BT after downloading the app. says it can't find the device? I got one reading to transfer, then nothing. What the hell it isn't rocket science.
Like most other companies they upgraded to something that doesn't work why don't they just leave things alone
Horrible. App is different than what the video shows. It does not have anywhere to connect wirelessly to my mobile device. Absolutely horrible.
Omeron BP Monitor purchased today, connected to the app and doesn't record at all. But there's a way that I can purchase the premium app? Give me a break! I just spent $$ on your equipment that doesn't even show recordings in YOUR app! I'll just keep it connected to Samsung Health... the free app!
I am highly upset that they will not allow the old app Omron Wellness to work. Instead they (migrated) me to this new app that is very poorly designed. The print is extremely small. The graphs have no connection lines to see up or down rhythms. The monthly and yearly projections do not show overall average (all the in information below the graph is daily readings. The ONLY report only runs a 30 day report. Very disheartening! Hate is a four letter word to me. But I HATE this app! And I just cursed!!! 😳
This app sucks.....it will not pair with my Galaxy Note 9...the phone recognizes it paired, but the app won 't.....I can see why other reviews rated it with one star. I am going back to the old fashion way of putting my readings on spreadsheet....I guess you get what you pay for...it didn't cost nothing, so don't expect anything....goodbye, you are the weakest link.
Can not pair with newer phone. BT Smart support is marginal at hest
Not able to SYNC after several tries on different occasions. I never had this issue with old app. I had an other person try also without success.
Consistently unable to find device. Worked ok the first 3 times. Bluetooth really needs fixing. Just have to enter all readings manually. Turned bluetooth off, then on. Restarted phone app & BP monitor with no luck Same problems reported by other users.
With ALL OF THE FRUSTRATION OUT IN OUR NEW AGE SOCIETY, YOU IDIOTS HAVE THE NERVE TO DEMAND PERSONAL INFORMATION IN ORDER TO USE A POORLY CODED APP IS JUST MADDENING!!! Everyone in the world should boycott OMRON in both hardware and software areas. They think we have no choice but WE DO! Don't be one of their suckers!
Useless! Won't pair with monitor.
thieves
Good App Gone Bad With the intro of the EKG feature, which I don't have, it 
keeps wanting me to get this device! When I click Add blood pressure, it 
wants me to get the EKG device. Can't seem to do anything that I could 
before! Omron, talk to me!
Sync no longer functions.
Cannot connect BR761CAN to Pixel 2. Have had device for 2 years. Was unable to connect with Pixel 1 when originally purchased. Absolutely garbage software, that can't even do its primary purpose.
I hate this app... Omron Wellness was great... this app sucks... the old user interface was simpler and did a better job of displaying BP in a line chart rather than the scattered points the new interface uses...
Doesn't upload blood pressure readings from my Samsung Galaxy S9 to my online account. The old version of this app did but it won't let me revert back to it. Wake up Omron! Get a competant software developer. Very unhappy with this.
This app and the service are terrible. This doesn't keep your settings and erases everything after about 3 months. Don't buy r premium plan. It's just a money grab and doesn't do anything useful.
The old app was simple and the only reason I purchased this particular machine. The new app ask for too many permissions. It won't transfer my old readings to the new app. This new app does not connect as easy and you have to set up a whole new profile. We should have a choice on going to the new app or not. This new one is bullcrap because it's trying to sell you stuff and using your location to collect data that they probably sell to someone else.
This app is "forced upon me" junk. The graph display is inferior to the old app and the interface clunky...probably to make room for the extra annoying services Omron is trying to peddle. Sadly, I'll probably end up just going back to logging my data in a spreadsheet. So much for the user experience. A big step backwards.
I'm relatively tech savvy on the basics tried multiple of connecting my phone via the app to the device, series 7, and it just keeps buffering
Immediately after purchase device paired but interface and ads would have earned 3 stars at best but pairing hasn't worked for quite sometime either due to app changes, two newer phones or both. App is garbage and renders over priced device to spot checking short of manually recording readings which could be accomplished with device a quarter the cost.
I use my Omron BP monitors in conjunction with AliveCor's Kardia app. Everything was working perfectly until I purchased the Omron Platinum PB monitor. The instructions had me download Omron Connect. That's when the problems started. I the pairing of my old series 10 monitor was lost and I was no longer able to pair the old or the new with Kardia or Omron Connect. Kardia says its an issue with Omron Connect. People rely on these devices, sometimes just to stay alive. Its been 10 days with no fix
The forced change from omron wellness to omron connect resulted in two different android phones, with two different versions of android, being unable to connect.
New app doesn't pair with the BP786 just like the old app. You are given a 
1 month free trial for all the features but then you must pay for them 
after that. Not worth the time to install.
Loved it before the update. Like everyone else my phone will not sync. 
Follow all the instructions and unpaired and repaired...nothing. Run, do 
not buy.
New app last week history disappeared. All uploaded to the Cloud. Missing still exist on Cloud or deleted? Recover? Old app display superior with many days readings on one page not just 2 readings & ugly graphic. CSV file all 3 TruRead readings not average not suitable for Dr. Old app could screen print averages for Dr. Big black dots cover pulse readings. Old app nice green symbols and explanation of graphics. Dr graphic ugly, hard to read & useless. OMRON, GIVE BACK OUR SUPERIOR OLD APP!
This app will make you believe that it will do all kinds of wonderful things. It WON'T. I will never buy nor recommend an Omron product again. Poor customer service! Shame on you.
Resent se ding info
Complete garbage. The BP monitor unit itself is fine. This "app", however, is complete garbage. It does not connect to the monitor, even though they are 3 inches away from each other. All the "app" says is that it can't connect. Maybe Welch-Allyn has something better??
Connect. Error. repeat. FAIL Starts to pair, sees the unit immediatly, select user, then error after a while. It tells you to clear and fails again. I see it did pair bluetooth and tried removing and pair again but always fails. Useless. Deleting.
First off, you don't need my location. None of your business where I am! And I liked the old app better because it is more straightforward and has less pop-ups. I just need to track my BP and don't care about the other things. I kept having to hit "Dismiss" to get to what I needed. Glad I didn't delete the old one. I am deleting this one now. The old one will still work for those of you who don't like this one.
I can't even download the app to be installed
you can not edit manual settings. very poor app.
2021: doesn't send email any more Can't export. Old review: works some of the time. Not sure why. Previously I tried lots of things--unpaired & repairing several times, uninstalled the Wellness app, reset my password, uninstalled/reinstalled the OMRON app. Also, I sent feedback. Not sure what makes it work. If you have transfer/csv email issues, look at OMRON FAQs. I might have stumbled onto a fix mentioned there. BP786N user.
This app does not work!! Will not accept password for a new account --- go back to Relion App!!
Only worked for a short time now can't even log in still can't log in
Your APP is garbage. My BP786N still works well. It says I have Draw-Over-APPs permissions set active for some of my APPS. Tell me which is active. I have no problems with my Cellphone's settings. I have no APPS with  Draw-Over-APPs in the YES, or On positions. PLEASE UPDATE YOUR APP TO CORRECT THE FAULTY SENSOR, AND MAKE THE OMRON WELLNESS APP TO WORK TILL YOU GET RID OF THE PROBLEM. IT NEEDS TO BE ABLE TO WORK WITH MY BP786N BLOOD PRESSURE MACHINE.
App is not compatable with any of my 3 phones, worked until August 23, then they chamged something and now useless. Meter also displayes err codes constantly. Poor qualiy. Must spend thoisand dollars for compatanle phone. Stuck with $60 useless meter. DO NOY BUY OR INSTALL
Why charge $200 for a blood pressure/EKG machine to only offer a app that refuses to connect to the machine? It keeps saying machine not found. Thankfully the machine shows the blood pressure on the screen so the app isn't needed, but I could of just bought the blood pressure monitor for $80 instead of $200 to also have the EKG future which REQUIRES this app. Looks like $120 extra I paid for nothing until this app works right. I could never recommend this machine to anyone with this app.
Overall HATE IT. Give me back the old version. It was simple and much 
easier to use and understand. The timeline graph on this one sucks.
this app update is complete B EFFING S
When I paired the device with my S10 phone, everything worked perfectly. I was very happy. I had to change to an S20 and I couldn't pair the device to the phone. I called the company and there is no one to discuss the matter with. Very unhappy.
Horrible. Returned rights away.
doesn't work, cannot always dind my location , and when it does, it cannot connect to my tester.
How do i pair this to my phone?
The app does not yet support Android 10 or 11 and the feedback forum on Omron's website is broken.
I just purchased the Omron10. While waiting for the app to download (fourth attempt), I've been reading reviews. I'll be boxing the meter up tomorrow. Won't have to uninstall the app, try #5, still wont download.
Won't load information correction during setup. There is no dedicated button to sync with armband. All in all not very intuitive. Additionally it wants you to upgrade to a premium version.
The worst so called advancement I have ever seen. This is nothing more than an attempt to control. The system will not transfer readings unless it knows my location. You do not need my location Nd it is none of your business. Try listening to your customers and reestablish your old app. Then we will see. Until then goodby!
Would not pair with my Samsung galaxy s10, but I have a Samsung galaxy s6 and it paired and worked fine.
horrible app. started charging $10 a month. not worth it
The app is useless. Omron had a better cloud based program which they discontinued. You cannot put notes in a report. It is often important to record medication changes or position for orthostatic measurements. (Standing, sitting, supine.). Called, wrote to Omron... No response. Why! They really don't care about you. They don't respond here or on Amazon. They think they can rest on their prior reputation. There are other better brands that have better software such as ADC Advantage Ultra.
Previous app worked fine syncing with BP device. Now, not so much. Also, 
you absolutely do NOT need my location on for this to work! I am 
uninstalling now and I'll never buy a product grin this company again.
Terrible app renders good hardware useless. The connection constantly drops. Provided troubleshooting is useless. The ekg will connect at exact same time the bp monitor can not be found. Astonishingly poor application execution for a medical device that requires the application for full functionality. It appears these are well established issues and that Omron is not monitoring or responding to customer issues.
Do not use
Used to use Omron Wellness with my BP monitor (which I loved) and was forced to switch to this app. Interface and usability on this app are vastly inferior - graphs and readings are less readable and are hidden behind menus when they were not before. This app requires more permissions (why do you need location services to sync my blood pressure ?!) More complicated process to sync up with my BP monitor. Constantly tries to upsell with unnecessary premium service. Really inferior in every way. Extremely disappointed.
I really need this app to work. when I try to conmect to my device the app recognises my model (I need to press the clock button) to get the flashing "o") yet the pairi g always fails. the OMRON device is not discoverable by bluetooth. I have a Samsung S8+. I entered the numbers manually. Very disappointed and the "Need help" just sends you to their web site.
I could not get the app to download BP readings from Omron Evolv (Model BP7000). BP readings download perfectly and easily into the Samsung Health app (S-Health app), so I will be using that app instead.
App doesn't work. can't log in.
The app is able to find my bp monitor (bp5450), but it is unable to pair. I have a OnePlus 7T.
Why does it need to know my location to sync? Seriously??? Please give us 
back the old app and stop trying to monetize me. I already bought your 
hardware
App pairs with phone, but continuously fails to send data over Bluetooth. "cannot find device" Omron needs to fix this and quit ripping people off. Useless. There's no way to go back and see readings without the app. Also, Omron says you can disable permissions in settings, there is nothing in settings that allows you to do this.
Automattically 'upgraded' to the new app. Now $10 a month for more stuff I don't need and no free version for just tracking bp? Ridiculous. Time for a new product.
Very lousy Blue Tooth. Paired device will not transfer data. Have to re-pair everytime to transfer. Software for computer scientists instead of users. Using Samsung S8 and BP7350.
It only allows one device. How stupid is that
Just started using the machine last week. Overall I like the machine. The app doesn't stay connected. I have manually enter the number every time. The machine offers two user settings but the app doesn't.
This app is a real P.O.S. It pairs with the device. The device even says it's paired when attempting to sync data the app mesage appears, can not locate devce. I've even deleted the app and reloaded. Same results. If I could rate it zero I would!
This app is horrible! What ass developed this? I was totally happy with my Relion app and want it back.
I installed this app and it started to drain my battery. I had to uninstall to use phone normally.
Can't get passed the password page. It won't send a change of password 
request no matter the number of times requested. Not sure if I need a new 
account or need to login with the user ID and pw used for its predecessor 
app it is replacing. It looks like it should bring the data forward so it 
needs the original account. So far it's a no go for me! I'm not the only 
one complaining about this app and it is supposed to be the better product 
(blood pressure cuff) on the market.
This ap is garbage. The previous version was simple and it worked, plus it didn't require my location or full name and date of birth. You have no reason to need that information. If it doesn't go back to the way it was before I will simply be removing this ap from my phone. All I wanted was a simple way to track my blood pressure and be able to show my doctor. Looks like I will be doing that manually from now on. If you didn't force me to change I would still be using the old version.
This app sucks, nothing else said can get to the point so succinctly.
Can get it to connect to galaxy S8+ or any other Samsung galaxy. This is a useless app.
don't like bring push into this app, i was happy with the other one, won't show my readings unless I purchase this app, no way, also i can't upload it to the web like I could with the other app
worst ever app.
As stated with other reviews posted today, the 3/27 upgrade doesn't work. After launch and login, you receive "Error, no network connection..." Hold off on upgrading, if you haven't already.
Sync function barely works. Seriously, set up some integration tests and show the status of a sync in the app. A paid product should not be more unreliable than my weekend side projects.
It wants u to agree to a blank page "privacy" agreement and another Blake page "terms and conditions". What? Do I have "moron" included in my internet connection ID or something?
Old free app no longer works. This app expensive. It says my trial has expired and I never got it to work. Please go back to the old free app.
Stopped connecting. 🙁
Readings not accurate and hard to turn Bluetooth on and off
Forced to switch to this app, old app was definitely better. Don't like you must give permission for location. Struggling to find a reason to keep app, will most likely delete
Wont let u use software u less u agree for them to collect your data and sell it... no thanks.
This app is awful, wants too much private information!! You need your location turned on your phone to download your information from the BP monitor. This is privacy infringement to the fullest. Omron you suck!!!! Old app version was more user friendly and useful.
just awful. not only did not remember account credentials, but refused to accept when they were entered. Developers sucks big time :(
Still won't pair after upgrade from Android 6 to 7.
this is a hit and miss unreliable to use with the BPM.
Terrible. I might actually buy another device because of the app. The latest update makes it harder to see the blood pressure history graph and the app seems more like an ad to sell their EKG device. An add you can't remove!
This latest version no longer pairs with my device.
What is this? I liked the old app enough, for it was all about recording and displaying blood pressure. This? It's a mess. I love my BP monitor, but now the bluetooth feature is useless because I won't use this crappy app. I'm better off recording my BP manually with another app or charting it online. Omron you can do much better than this yet you ignore customer feedback.
This supposed upgrade is difficult to use and NOT user friendly.
Usless
Fails to pair up with the fevice
Installed and paired my BP786N very easily. However, what I wanted to do is transfer the readings to my phone over Bluetooth rather than entering them manually. This app cannot do that, it requires manual entry. I'll just put the data in a spreadsheet. Do not pay the premium for the BP786N if you are intending to use the transfer to your cellphone, it just doesn't work. Period. Omron connect and the BP786N became unpaired because I got a new phone. There is no way to pair the phone now.
Zero rating
Thought this might make it easier to track my blood pressure. As other reviewers state, the app requires precise location and consent for your personally identifiable health information to be collected, transferred to and used by Omron and its health partner AliveCor in the US. No app of mine is allowed access to precise location and I don't want my PI health information and precise location to be stored or used by a medical equipment company. Uninstalled. There has to be other options.
The app is useless. Words and readings are overlapped on my phone. Charts are averages and useless to me. I liked the old wellness app much better.
New phone. Won't pair Is anyone working on this problem. How about some support.
the app used to work great and transfer my data automatically without me needing to sync anything, and let me print out summarys for my doctor. now it just wants me to pay for a subscription. I feel very betrayed after posting almost 100 dollars for a device that promised me all of this for free.
Actually a -5 star rating is more appropriate for this useless app. It worked three times then could no longer find the device. Switched to MedM app and it has found and synced to the device everytime so far.
What a piece of junk. Apparently I will never get the data from my blood 
pressure monitor to my phone ever again. I don't understand how a company 
could be so bad at this in 2018. As many as I said before me, it simply 
will not pair no matter what you do.
Does not connect to Google Fit as advertised.
Uninstalled 20 minutes after installation. App did not connect to blue tooth. Tried to connect through normal pairing but still failed. App not robust or intuitive enough for me. That connected with all the location and data sharing put a bad taste in my mouth. I'm out.
Dumbed-down app that hides useful and easy features behind a paywall.
This is a most frustrating, disappointing app. The current version 
5.1.2-616f3b6 consistently loses Bluetooth connectivity. Not recommended.
Even worse than I thought. Cannot transfer data and app does not allow to take screenshots. Who is programing sh... Like this, seriously
How dare you track location and browser history for a blood pressure device app.
what a dismal experience...deleting the app returning the device...
Does not pair
Couldn't transfer any data after initial set up.
I have a lot of difficulty transferring readings from my BP786N to my Pixel 2. I suspect BT conflicts between another app from State Farm. I usually have reboot my phone so that the app can find my bluetooth.
Could not download.
App forces you to create an account. I barely trust my doctor's office to have a secure IT system, I am not going to trust a device manufacturer that may or may not be maintained their system appropriately. I would like to see an offline version where no user account is needed and BP readings are stored locally on my device.
Very unreliable in transferring measurements. Sometimes it does, but just as often will say it is transferring and then looses the readings.
No love from me. Needless personal data grab by requiring location access. I'd rather enter the data manually to a spreadsheet.
My 786N doesn't work with this APP
Give me back the old app! Old app was perfect. Clean concise data, simple and readable. I had no problems. This is unreadable, filled with junk, visually cluttered and trying to sell me premium app
Does not seem to work. I have a pixel 3aXL and when attempting to pair with my new OMRON Evolv it doesn't ever successfully pair. I answer all the prompts, and the device indeed is detected by my phone, but it never successfully links up with the app.
Paid extra to have BT and won't pair at all! GARBAGE! Ive tried with multiple phones and multiple versions on BT and multiple versions of Android. I would be surprised if ANY phone pairs with this. Omron, just delete this app and quit advertising BT connectivity until you can properly support it! Just passing off customers!
Terrible, didn't put open button on my phone screen. Won't upload my recent readings. Wastes too much time trying to get it to work. Bring back the last version.
FORCES YOU TO ALLOW COLLECTION OF YOUR PERSONAL HEALTH DATA. IT SHOULD BE FREE - DATA IS VALUABLE! Can't use the app without giving permission & there is no pathway to have your data deleted. Past Omron privacy policy said that data was encrypted & only stored locally on phone w/no upload to the cloud. I bought this unit because of the high ratings on Consumer Reports; I am very disappointed that they did not point out the forced data transfer. It's going back to Amazon.
Garbage. i bought my monitor for use with old app. Your tracking me and getting all my information. Bring back option to use old app or your monitor goes in the garbage and I am switching brands. SCAM, SCAM, SCAM.
I have enjoyed the old app for a couple years, I was forced to download this new app now all of my past readings are gone and the app is terrible and hard to understand and it doesn't work. Bring back the old app that works fine
Fails to connect.
Your data policies are disgusting Omron
what kind of garbage is this?
downloads but will not install. tried many many times. bought the unit so it would connect to my phone. will return to amazon
The best parts of the app are tied to the "premium" plan - free for 30 days then it costs $100/ year. They sell you BP monitor for $60 but want to charge you $100/ year to use it.
you've changed the app to watch non-functioning anymore.
This app requires permission to access your contacts and call history before it will allow you to pair with the monitor. I didn't do it, there's no reason for this app to need that information.
I was happy using the original blood pressure that came with my monitor. Can't use it now this app doesn't connect with my Android tablet and I don't want their upgrades.
Absolutely horrid decision by Omron. The previous app worked perfectly... for years! Whatever possessed Omron to roll out an unbelievably inoperable dumpster fire of an app? Perhaps they wanted to push their customers toward a subscription service? Or perhaps they wanted to sell their customers health and location data to third parties? Whatever the case, the app does not work because it won't pair, so I uninstalled it, which means Omron is going to lose another customer...
Terrible app. Can't even set up account. Says no network available (when there is!). Seems to be typical of healthcare apps - don't usually work and security is terrible. Will send my unit back as well. Not putting up with this
Will not pair with my BP786N
Like everyone else, I researched this product and bought it to simply record blood pressure and email readings. Only reason bought. This is bait and switch, only had the pleasure of using it for 3 weeks before the upgrade. Now has my personal info, forced me into the upgrade, yes bbb, and rest will be contacted as well as returning this monitor. Don't respond to live chat, share with all of us what you plan to do. I'm licensed this would cause me to lose my license.
They bricked the old app for one that requires login and who'se ToS allows the sharing of "User Data". I am not giving a third party provider the rights to share "User data" when that data is my medical information. Scummy move all around.
Very disappointed. This app replaced the more functional app with one that tries to get you to pay more.
I should not be required to have an Omron account or register in order to track my blood pressure. I do not want to share any data, PI, or anonymous, whatsoever with Omron. The app launches and presents a registration/login screen with no obvious "skip all this" option. I'm planning on returning the BP786N and uninstalling the software. I bought the cuff specifically because of the connectivity. Too bad, Omron lost an $80 sale and will have to deal with a returned medical device.
Trying to Bluetooth connect my BP768/can on my s6edge . Unsuccessful very 
disappointed again
Literally the worst most unfunctional app ever created. Delete, reinstall, try to pair....no go. Waste of time and money.
After latest update kardia mobile integration is broken
Works and easy to setup but requires an account which is nonsense. There is no reason they need to require a login for this and why I am giving it a lower rating
Crappy app. Instructions to pair with monitor specify a button to push that doesn't exist. Can't pair it. Good example of just throwing something out there without testing and hoping it sticks. Your reputation is being formed here
Much preferred previous version and regret upgrading. Just show me the dashboard and drop all the fluff.
Excessively Intrusive Terms & Privacy This required upgrade involves far more permission grants than justifiable. READ TERMS & PRIVACY POLICY before accepting, you'll be glad you did! Location and personal information requirements just to transfer data from BP786N to cellphone cannot be justified. Further, the lack of option to transfer directly to a Windows 10 computer (which has Bluetooth capability) is unheard of. Omron upgrade is totally unjustified, as it is simply profit oriented.
Forced to migrate to this new app and it looks pretty and has more suggestions and syncs with Google Fit, but it does the one thing it needs to do horribly. Transfer readings from my blood pressure monitor. I got it to sync once, but it only synced that day and not the one before and all of my previous readings have been synced from the previous app where the data was stored with Omron already.  They really need to do something to fix the syncing issue.
I had to pair the monitor with my new phone and can not get it to pair. Probably spent over an hour just trying. Machine records and holds the measurements fine. Just won't pair and communicate.
Omron makes horrible product. NEVER CONNECTS! I will NEVER buy Omron again. 
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!
Terrible mandatory upgrade
this app is for ghe birds. with all the money i had to pay for the machine i dont know why i have to pay another $120 a year. it use to be free. Bogus!
Terrible. There is no rhyme or reason why sometimes BP results will transfer and most times they won't. Very frustrating. App is not reliable at all.
Where do I start.... doesn't sync unless I unpair, re-pair then restart my 
phone. Won't let me connect to Google fit. Doesn't work with Samsung Health 
like it's supposed to.... FAIL
I can't even create my account....after clicking the create button, it keeps saying that there is a network error...tried so many times and still not working..so disappointed.
I find it very intrusive. All I wanted to do was take my blood pressure and send it to my doctor. Now I have to pay $10 a month to do this. Ridiculous
This app replaces a prior version that had its reliability issues. This new app is infinitely worse. I have not had any success pairing my phone to the BP device .
I spent 80.00 on this blood pressure monitor model #bp786n with Bluetooth so I would not have to write down my # I have not used it in a year my blood pressure got under control now it's high again so I need to use it again and the app doesn't work I can't even sign in to it I can on my computer what a waste of money & I did call Omron for help all they could say was sorry
DOES ANYONE READ THE LEGAL SMALL PRINT ??? All results sent to Korea & any other country -at their discretion ! If you bought this device with a credit card- they have your personal info. I will not transmit my "identifiable health data" with Omron & God knows with any 3rd parties "at its discretion." SOLUTION: I enter my data on my laptop in Word & send directly to my doctor.
Horrible app, loved the old one, had to download the new one tonight and lost all my reading. My monitor is paired shows reading in history and when I go til pair says my monitor has no new reading but none of them are logged in.... Old app had no issues transferring data, makes the 10 units which are more expensive, pointless.
App wont connect to omron bp7000 to transfer readings. App says new data is there and when I press transfer app says no device found. Paired and paired and paired again will not connect. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still wont connect reset the BP 7000 to default and paired again tried and tried will not connect but it works with Samsung health. Returning it today.
Still will not pair series 10 with Samsung Galaxy S9+ Go home Omron and try 
again!
You just lost a new customer. Returning my $80 purchase now. Not even going to bother. Your privacy policy is a blank page as is your terms and conditions. I'm not creating an account so you can track my personal information and do whatever you want with it. You won't even tell me what my privacy rights are. Buyer beware. Do not buy omron Bluetooth capable blood pressure meters. Truly a shame. I was looking forward to using this.
This app is a piece of junk! Tried it three times now, it screwed up in a different way each time. Latest try took data from 12-12-19 to 1-31-20 and put it in 2023-24. Good job Omron! The monitor is slightly better, but not worth the price.
Can't read the blood pressure reading because it doesn't align correctly on this Android app. I have a Samsung S7.
Deprecated by developer. Useless...Replaced with an inferior app.
He does not connect the world blood pressure cuff My every time I try to pair it it tells me I need to have the cuff with in 10 feet. It's directly next to it and it still will not pair.
As others have stated this won't connect via Bluetooth to Android 11 on my Pixel 4. Disappointing to not have this functionality as a lot of apps no should be able to directly get information form the device such as Google Fit and Kardiamobile. Looking forward to an update to hopefully fix this. BPM works well and is highly recommended but the software is a dud.
I can not sync the bluetooth from my BP761CAN to my Samsung S9. I have 
emailed for a solution and had gotten a reply with suggestions to try, 
tried everything that was suggested to fix the issue but none worked so I'm 
unable to use the feature I bought the meter for
First app was great logged my BP and kept records on my phone, new app holds records on phone and in the US with location and other info. I won't be using it or recommending it, I'm very disappointed.
i like the older version of the app much more
Forced Upgrade for Money Grab I had the original Omron App that provided all the functionality that this app does doe free. I could keep the history of my recorded blood pressure & email doctor my results. Now they forced you to upgrade to this new app in order to make you purchase a monthly subscription to get the same features the previous app gave you for free. It's a shame & a disgrace to do this for an app that's supposed give you the functionality that you've already paid for.
App it not working at all
Forced me to upgrade, now it won't retrieve my BP history from the monitor. Won't let me use the old program that has the history. Junk And the app hasn't been updated in nearly 2 months even with all the negative problems.
Relion bp300 bluetooth worked in plain text until updated now can't log on and turned a nearly $100. Monitor into a $25 one. If you are smart look elsewhere or be Prepared. Remember 4 Warned 4 armed
Can't log in using existing Omron account even though the app repeatedly tells me I can/should use my existing log-in information. Nor could I create an account using the previous app version information because the new version immediately recognizes it as an existing account yet won't let me use it. Previously high regard for Omron products just tanked.
Forced to use new Omron ap. Now cannot sync with device. Good job Omron!
Old version was better.
I think everyone agrees, this app sucks! One star is too many. It is very inconsistent in grading of your daily averages. 120/80 is okay one day but not the next. My doctor looking through my readings kept saying "that's not elevated, that's not elevated,... If I can find monitor that's as acurate, I'm gone.
Cannot pair my OMRON blood pressure monitors.
Unable to pair at all. It prompts for Bluetooth pairing, then goes right back to the screen to select a monitor to pair.
I bought this device specifically to sync my BP readings to my phone so I could provide comprehensive metrics to my doctor. I have a Note 20 Ultra and the device paired flawlessly when I set it up initially. After the batteries in the BP cuff had to be replaced it no longer syncs. I have attempted to set it up again multiple times or delete the app and try again. The app always recognizes my device but it never can pair. Pretty much defeats the purpose of why I bought this unit.
you guys have completely messed this easy to use app up. wow just leave #hit alone!! very disappointed!!
This is a big step down from the previous version. I can pair to my machine, but can no longer upload data to cloud. Format on exported data is also very cumbersome. Very disappointing, since I bought the product specifically because it had these features.
The new app they now have won't pair with my blood pressure cuff like the old app did ,they want you do buy a new unit, what a way to screw people into buying a newer unit. Bad business people, go to another manufacturer! !!!
WHY DID OMRON CREATE SUCH AN AWFUL APP? IT'S NOT WORKING!
App not working for me. Paired with my omron 786 easily but can't read the blood pressure readings stored on the unit. Old works perfectly.
Purchased two Omron BP monitors (Evolv and BP653). During the 30 day premium trial, monitors synced reliably and had good reports for giving to your Dr. However, since the trial expired, sync is unreliable and there are NO reports for your Dr. Really? Buyer beware! You will need to pay the monthly premium fee to get reliable connectivity and reports. I have to manually enter data into another app to produce reports, which defeats the purpose of owning a monitor that can upload data.
Why do I have to create an account to read a Bluetooth device? I don't want this app communicating my private data to its servers. Immediately deleted the app once it would not work without logging in.
Update 12-1. The app is still trash. No one should buy an Omron BP monitor if they want to sync with an app. Every competing product on the market has a far superior and useful app. Omron could care less about developing theirs. It's unintuitive and does not display data in a meaningful way. Omron just wants to collect money from you. Stay away.I have to use third party app to analyze my readings. Currently importing readings into BP Journal by Jason O. That app is what this Omron app should be.
I have Omron bluetooth 786n and it will not sync to this app. Why buy a bluetooth model if this model isn't compatible?
Would not work 😡😡😡😡
Useless. Keeps asking for the location services to be turned on but it's already on. So it's not fetching the BP readings.
After reading some of the reviews, during the process of creating an account I wanted to read the terms of and privacy agreements. However, I couldn't because when I tapped each one it took me to a blank screen. I waited at least ten seconds for the screens to appear with words, but they remained blank. I backed out rather than continue without knowing exactly what I was agreeing to. Considering this seems to fall under HIPAA laws, it seems rather shady.
Please fix, updated yesterday, now I can not transfer my readings.
My EVOLV blood pressure monitor refuses to pair with the app, so far it has been a terrible out of box experience.
Poor app. Doesn't connect to Android phone.
The device is great. with new app it just pushes to get premium and consent with all new T&Cs. Developers didnt even carry your login info from old version to new ve4sion. I like the device, not the app
My phone pairs with device but app fails to transfer readings.
This is the most poorly designed app I've ever seen. Does not do what it advertised. Will not connect to bluetooth. Wasted an hour of my time and $65 on the machine. Taking it back!
Bluetooth does not work. Lawsuit is coming your way.
Horrible. Can't connect. Can't go back to old app either, Omron won't allow 
it. What a useless app for such a reputable device. Shameful.
Will not pair with Motorola one vision
the old version worked fine. the new version does not transfer BP readings. worthless
you created an application to collect my private data. this is not why I purchased this product. I'm very disappointed that you have terms and conditions to access my personal information. very disappointed. I will just write my readings on paper from this point forward. I can't even use th he previous app to se my averages. terrible idea..I'm sure I'm not the only one upset with Omron over this.
Unable to pair making this app useless. Omron should make their hardware work with other apps.
WARNING: DATA STORED ONLINE WITH NO LOGIN ACCESS!  APP IS A CLIENT DATA VIEWER ONLY! IT TOOK ME 2 HOURS TO ERASE DATA EVEN AFTER RESETTING MY DEVICE AND UNINSTALLING THIS PROGRAM. For Evolv BP7000 ONLY!!! Tried another Omron connect app and it failed.  Thought it was my phone.   Then installed Omron Connect US app.  Works.  Had to turn on a network connection  (wifi) AND Bluetooth for it to work.  Virtually no manual. US VERSION VASTLY REDUCED IN FEATURE  SET.
It took me more than an hour to get it paired after many times of resetting. It says it can support unlimited users, it is not true. Once it is downloaded all the data is put into my account. I can delete other users' data, but there is no way to delete them in Google Fit. Also, I dont have EKG device, can you just show the device we paired?
App won't even pair to brand new BP machine. Just keeps returning to the select a device screen
This app stinks! Will not connect to my monitor and is much more difficult to use, thanks for ruining something that was good. "If it's not broke don't fix it... back to manually logging my pressures for my Dr.
junk cant sync to phone old app was perfect .not impressed
App completely broken and unusable.
Not paring. Have tried every helpful suggested. Still no dice.
does not connect by bluetooth even to its own app. returning it tomorrow. don't waste your money.
This app is ruined by the AHA classification for blood pressure. There's no way to turn these off. The AHA recommendations are unrealistic.
Yeah sure just sell my personal health info. Read the T.O.S. people
I have the BP786 and after update i can't connect and sync my data anymore. useless app, very disappointed. Seems like they are trying to make people to buy new devices.
This app sucks. I wish I could go back to the old app. The good news is there are several apps out there to track your readings with no privacy issues.
garbage worst QA I have ever seen. Omron read the reviews and give us back the old app.
Connecting the app to Google fit causes the latter to count steps even if it's set not to track activities (this spurious count is probably incorrect). I have a fitness tracker that counts my steps. As a result i have to choose: do i want to teach blood pressure automatically or do i want to track steps correctly. I can only do one or the other, not both.
A POS bit of unusable software that should not be listed on any commercial service. It makes you check several boxes about Omron using and owning your personal data, you have to complete an arduous and crashtastic account system before discovering that this app CONNECTS WITH NOTHING!!! Honestly Google, apps like this should not be presented as usable software. They focus on data collection and offer nothing in return. It should be removed and other offerings from Omron should be qc'd
Unrealiable, does not attempt to pair without location permission, will not pair anyway after all permissions granted. Takes 149 mb of memory. Why does it need geolocation for Bluetooth pairing?
It is not easy to hook up with my phone. Even when it was hooked up, the app is not user friendly, too much promotion, features that you don't need and forbidden your goal. I have quite some difficult just to syn my blood pressure reaults, it pop up with voice command that I don't know what to do just not able to syn
Not allowed to take screenshots. There's no reason not to allow this since you can export reports, but sometimes I don't want to go through a lengthy process to share MY results. Smarten up OMRON.
Can't synch my phone with device.  They need to add compatibility with more phones models
Trying to get it to track my BP is so annoying it raises my BP!!
Like several others here, I recently purchased an Omron BP meter (Evolv).  I mostly liked the device, but after the recent app update, I returned the device.  Omron wants too much personal information and now requires location just to record my measurements!  I want something that stores locally and doesn't require uploading to a server which I don't control.  They also act as if they have the right to own my data.  So, no more Omron.
I am disappointed the Omron claims to be helping to fight heart attacks then goes from a free AP that works to a pay for AP that does less, and is more cumbersome. When I bought my Omron BP786N, I understood that the AP was part of the purchase. You have lost my confidence.
Not compatible with S20 phone
A message popped up when loading the original Omron app telling me to download the new app so I did. It would not accept my original sign in information so i checked these reviews. After reading them the reviews are so terrible i am going to remove the new app and go back to tracking BP using a spreadsheet.
What a faulty appp. Used this reliably with omron wellness app, told me to use connect, now connect (new) can't get readings from omron device. This is not progress.
I'm LOLing @ the app. Sad, just quit bussines please. Returned 3rd Omron device.
new app loses about most recent week of readings. old app simpler and better. up grade i don't think so. if i need an ekg I'll go to the doctor
can't get it connected Samsung galaxy 9
App will not synchronize with the monitor and there are no clear troubleshooting instructions. Interface is too cluttered. Removing this app from my phone.
Unacceptable. No privacy. No offline only. Evil.
The old app was stop/go ie. Red was bad green was good. This new app says I 
have hypertension when reading is below 134/84. This bothered me so much I 
went to my doctor because I thought I was in trouble. He reported to me 
that I am in fact not in hypertension and don't have an irregular heartbeat 
like the app says. Tried to go back to the previous app but Omron has 
discovered it's use. This app also pushes in app upgrades and an annual 
subscription. I am sorry but this is just a money grab by Omron. This app 
may make me purchase a different blood pressure monitor.
Could not get app to connect. Will be returning this bp monitor which is a shame as it looks pretty good otherwise.
doesn't work  after 4 trys to install..all I get is a blue screen
was directed to upgrade to this app from old app. but this app just spins when i log in. says it finds my kardia app but never logs in. unusable.
Terrible functionality compaired to previous version. Not intuitive or as easy to navigate. Must move from screen to screen. Graphically inferior. Can not fall back to previous version! If you like what you have now... DO NOT INSTALL!!!!
When I upgraded to a new phone (Samsung note 10), it's been a year my phone can't connect to the omron. I followed the advice and steps how to reconnect but it's all failure. The Bluetooth can see the omron but can't connect. Now, I don't know what to do. Either just use it without connecting to my phone or throw it away to garbage. Sucks! Its giving me hypertension.
Takes 10 frustrating minutes to get it to sync. Why does it need my location? Worst Blue Tooth device I have ever had. The latest update is even worse. Now several months in and it will not pair at all. Do not waste your time, and money on this p.o.s. This p.o.s. does not even deserve 1 star. First class scam. They even cook the review ratings. If they were honest, it would have a 1.001 rating. If reviewers could give a 0 the average would now be 0.01. Google should be ashamed of allowing this.
Cannot pair my device with phone on first download. Both app instructions and the device's instruction book say the same thing but I hold down the button and no pairing.
Doesn't transfer readings
Since the update i cant even pair my monitor. Planning to return my device
does not work!! old app... bring back the old simple app....tried again...git it ti work ok...now they want to charge me 10$ a month...ugh...bring back the the free app...0 stars noe6
I purchased the blood pressure tester, which is great. The app privacy /data mining is simply not worth it. Will use the tester as a stand-alone device.
Needs much work .
Refused to pair and connect on newer phones. The older app at least worked on my retired Galaxy S4, but Omron disabled that app. Meter is a BP786. Removed app, sad.
Won't let me connect to bp monitor,keeps cycling pairing,click it and it bounces back to pick the device again click it again,it bounces back again
Can't create account. Message says network error.
Huge privacy issues. You must give your consent to two companies to share your personally identifiable health information, and to receive marketing from both companies in order to use the app. Straight to the trash.
Mandatory "Upgrade" from Formerly Useful App to New "Scamware" App Which Doesn't Even Work! The new version requires additional data unrelated to what I have it for... tracking my blood pressure. Omron has no legitimate or legal justification for requiring my LOCATION. Supposedly, the amount of information available has been altered... but I can't tell, as it won't connect to my device (which was connected to the old, FUNCTIONAL, app!) This new app is a disaster... worse than useless
Bought this monitor to track my blood pressure and collect this data for my doctor to review. Instead it raised my blood pressure due to stress of Bluetooth and software frustrations and still hasn't solved my original needs minus a $100 out of pocket and signing away privacy in attempt to connect my phone with monitor.
sucks, I will never use this discussing mess again.
A significant step backwards from the old app. Data is much more difficult to view. Way too much real estate taken up pushing the new EKG home monitoring. The proposed premium service for medication tracking is too little and too much $$. It is available free several other apps.
Updated App and it doesn't sync..
Does not pair with my monitor. I can see my BP monitor in Bluetooth settings. But the app can't connect to it.
Absolutely terrible. The previous app worked perfectly fine and now Omron forces its customers to download a new app, which doesnt even work and I lost historical data in the process!! I'm so disappointed as the this was part of the reason I bought this monitor. There was so many cheaper options. I definitely will NOT ve recommending this brand and monitor to anyone. What a waste of money.
Constantly says my phone can't find the device when trying to sync even though it is paired correctly. Completely worthless.
While the monitor itself is ok, the app is incompatible with both my phone and tablet. This is not what I signed up for. I will be removing the app.
When attempting to establish an account, the links provided to read the "terms of service" and "privacy ..." do not take the user to the documents but do display a blank page. I deleted the and will use my secured device of paper and pencil.
It worked fine before the update. Now it will not connect at all. I have an 
LG Stylo3. There needs to be an update to the update.
Will not pair with a BP786 and a Samsung Note 8. I've given up and bought the Withings/Nokia equivalent device. I was able to connect and upload my blood pressure results to my phone on the first try. I'll give my Omron device to someone that doesn't care about uploading the results over Bluetooth.
Reluctant to download with all the complaints but tried it. It request me to sync my Kardia app but then just sits there and spins. Uninstalled and reinstalled twice. No diff. Never got to try it.
A forced "upgrade" after someone let the sleazy marketing team take control of the app design. I just want a simple interface to store and chart bp readings over time, and occasionally show my doc the home readings on my phone.
The app wanted my location, contacts and call history. I uninstalled the app. I will be returning the hardware I bought that goes with this app. I value my privacy.
Doesn't even connect to Samsung Health even though it's listed as a partner app. Judging by all the poor reviews, if the new owners really wanted to dig themselves out of the poor app review hole then they'd start giving their customers what they really wanted. It's bad enough the app requires a compulsory login, won't work without Location Services enabled, and charges poor sick people $10/mo just to make PDF files for emailing to their doctors. All this because you bought a bp machine.
The new update is horrible. All it does is advertise omrons other products. What was once functional is now nothing more than an ad that connects to your BP monitor. Honestly won't be surprised the day I wake up to news that Omron has started violating HIPA compliance to make a buck.
this app is terrible, it want sync with blood pressure device. Though it works great with Samsung health
The Bluetooth never connected
Trying to use this with the Omron Evolv BP monitor. Won't connect to the monitor. I don't know if it's the App or the Monitor, but this is useless without bluetooth connectivity to the BP Monitor. Trying to pair with Google Pixel 3a running Android 11.
Why they need to know my location and have access to the microphone? Not installing. 😠
requires account to use
Want High Blood Pressure, then get this app. The blood pressure monitors that they make are simple and accurate, but their app is useless. Frustrating to use and loses bluetooth connection randomly. They should get a direct connection with google fit or apple home apps, instead of promoting sale in there own app, that most of the time won't connect with their own device.
Can't connect BP786 (Samsung Note 9 Android 8.1)
I don't need an update, let me decide which one I need. I can't read the new one. now you want more money? Ill buy a different one. this is terrible.
To many options before you get to the connection/down load part of this app.  Toooooo much trouble
I DO NOT recommend this app nor the Omron blood pressure cuff.  I have never been able to pair my Android using the Omron app  to my blood pressure cuff.  This includes my Pixel 2XL and older Android phones.  Support tells me: 1. my current cuff is not compatible and 2. their app is not compatible with Android 9.  They implied that if I buy a new cuff it would work but only work with Android 8.
I will be contacting Omron to see if I can get my money back, as it may be criminal what they have done. I bought this device to track my BP. This service was originally included in THE COST OF THE DEVICE. It's worse than bait and switch, which implies a change right before purchase. This is a change in the basic service after purchase. Previously, I was able to see my historical data on a simple line chart. Now I'm required to sign up and pay for that same service? Ridiculous.
Cannot connect using android 7 on lg vs835 (stylo 2). Get server unavailable.
Can't get it to pair with my phone. No matter what I try.
The previous app, although very limited was much easier to operate, much more friendly and the blood pressure data infinitely more readable! I hope they don't delete my data from the old app!
It will not save new data an say my location is not on
Don't bother with this app. Bought BP cuff on Jan 7, 2018. Took 3 tries to sync. The first  3 days everything worked well together. I thought this is great, I must be one of the lucky few this works properly for. WRONG!  After Jan. 12th, the monitor no longer transfers my readings. Tells me to "sync"  with my smart device over & over again. Always a fail. No problem with my other Bluetooth devices. The whole point of buying the BP7000 was for the automatic data record. FAILURE! I know why I have high BP, products like this one.
the app worked great until the last update. cannot pair to my bp monitor. in the past I would recommend this unit. no longer. very disappointed. shame on you. get another brand.
Previous app worked flawlessly. This app is hit and miss. Device keeps turning on to sync. Had to pull batteries to make it stop. I'm uninstalling this worthless app. I will record manually, which defeats the purpose of paying for Bluetooth sync. Thanks for raising my blood pressure.
You have to consent to sending your data outside the US to even use the app? N O P E. Very disappointed. It's my data, why can't I have it?
Should have left the wellness app as it was, forced to switch to new app. Too much unnecessary information on the screen for the lay person. I only need to see day to day readings and take screen shots to forward. Unable to easily delete false readings from the screen. I would rather use the old app.
It is ludicrous that I should be requred to "open an account" in order to load data from my blood pressure monitor to my phone. Zero stars for this app. Appalling .
Does not work.
In order to use the app, one must consent to allowing their personally identifiable information to be stored and sold by Omron and its affiliates. If you try to read either the terms of service or the privacy policy, those screens are entirely blank. I will not be using this app at all.
Why do I need to create an Omron account to get my readings from the device? Please stop these silly practices!
Surely the Omron people çan do better than this...
Doesn't work with Android 11
The new app sucks because there's always a problem connecting to the device. Even when I get it to connect, it takes several minutes to sync 1-2 readings. The older app worked fine.
Omron caused me to lose years of BP data. They disabled the omron wellness app that worked fine so they could force this app on us for data mining and monitization of you and your data. Omron digitally raped me and many others. We bear the mental anguish everyday. They renegged on their contract with us and its disgusting.
Does not support Pixel 4 series phones with Android 11. As an IT professional, I expect all the current OS versions to be supported. Oh well, time to send the Omron device back to Amazon.
BT just does not connect. My Pixel phone is one of the most BT compatible and friendly phone, no problem connecting to any BT device for the last 2+ years, but it just cannot connect to this device. After press the "Pair and connect" button, nothing happens.
I have a Galaxy S9 and I can't even install this app. I have tried numerous times with no success. I give up.
The app says there are no new readings to transfer when there are several. It's completely useless. If I have to manually transfer my readings, why have this app at all?
Omron took an app that worked and replaced it with a terrible app. Can no longer download averages. Doesn't share data with Walgreens balance rewards for healthy choices. Plus you can't revert to old app. Now you get 3 different readings instead of average. Waste of my time having to average. Why not give us a choice. Not buying another omron device.
doesn't connect or transfer
unreliable connectivity
terrible. old app worked great for what i needed...blood pressure. they force you to download the new app. new app pairs but doesn't see any of the readings. unpaired and repaired as suggested...still nothing. just bought this device a month ago to be able to upload it. now it seems its garbage. why mess with it? $$$ trying to sell you an ekg monitor.
The app was working most of the time but yesterday it quit working at all. I reinstalled the app, restarted my phone and nothing works. The app updated yesterday and apparently that's what killed the app. The update didn't kill the app. The app wouldn't load any more records without subscribing to premium service. I uninstalled the app.
Not pairing
Since app update I  can no longer log in, tried update password 5 times, keeps saying I have the wrong password. Worthless app.  thnx for ruining this app and making it unusable. All my data lost. Someone needs to be fired.
Invasive questions that have nothing to do with my BP and demands gps location which doesn't work indoors. Absolutely worthless.
On the very first screen the app goes into 'oops, please try again' error, and nothing can be done, but recycle this error.  Worthless.  EDIT. I did contact your support and that was a waste of time.  Since the app just recycles that "oops" message, the support person was clueless. Since the app cannot even start it doesn't deserve even one star.
Won't pair with Samsung running Android 10. Negates the point of buying this cuff.
didn't connect to Google Pixel or Pixel 3A XL
There's no reason why this app needs permission to use location services in order to Bluetooth sync from BP monitor.
to much private info to share so uninstalled
it is always a challenge to pair the device to mobile app and to get access to history of the blood pressure metrics. Omron confuses the customers switching the apps from Omron Wellness to Omron Connect. Which web site contains the historical blood pressure now? The biggest problem is the measures of the device itself are  NOT RELIABLE AND CONSISTENT. When I measure my blood pressure in first time (3 automated cycles) it shows 150/90 (i.e.). Then when  I try to do the same at second or third time it shows 144/84 and 146/87. When a doctor measure my blood pressure in the office it shows always lower 140/85 then Omron.  The deviation of three results always big enough. Another problem that Omron is commercially "paired" to cardio device Kardia that I bought on Amazone as well ($100+). This device is annoying to push me to "premium" subscription for monthly payment $9.99. These two products Omron and Kardia are focused more to pull the money from customer's pocket than on the customer's health. sorry to say
doesn't work
With something as serious as your heart this needs work. Went to transfer to take to cardiologist and nothing transferred
No Terms of Service. No Privacy Policy. Using the App requires an account. Why? You must agree to these two before creating an account. Clicking on each link opens a blank page. I will not agree to these two before reading the Terms of Service Privacy Policy. The APP will not continue without checking that box. Thus the Omron Connect APP does not work. Fix it. Create web pages with these documents, or allow me to start the app.
Terrible useless app. Is of no use. The device itself is fine but why spend this much money on a device that you can not use any of its features. I spent 93.00 on this device at CVS !!!! Why make an app that transfers your private information to another country!!!
OMRON and Samsung claim the OMRON device is compatible with the Samsung Health app. OMRON device supports two users. Samsung Health app does not distinguish between User 1 and User 2 - it simply gathers ALL new reading into Samsung Health with no distinguish information between user 1 and user 2. Neither the OMRON app, nor the Samsung Health app has a way to force the importing of historical data from the OMRON device. Poor integration between an OMRON multi-user device and the SMart device.
Worst update ever. The graphs are extremely difficult to read, the reports are limited, and the app is trying to charge you for your own data. Worst of all, you cannot go back to the prior app, it will tell you "this user was already migrated." Zero stars.
App no longer syncs with device, keeps saying no new recordings. Never synced with S health, device directly would connect to s health but wouldnt communicate ever.
Too complicated
Garbage. The earlier app worked nicely but is now out of play because they migrated the data to conform only to the new app. This company is sinister. this app blows.
A useless update, forcing entry of personal data that is stored by Omron, a $10/mo fee to store your BP so you can print out a pretty report, and a difficult GUI. You couldn't just keep it simple, could you?
Will not sync with brand new device.
why is location a requirement
It is incredible how a prestigious company like Omron can do this such big mistake ABOUT USING A SIMPLE APP. I can not make it works, connecting with my Samsung Galaxy Note 9. The previous version Omron Wellness WAS WORKING WELL, until Omron PUSHED to change it. Now I can not synchronize the data. And the customer service phone number, in this international company, only take the calls Monday to Thursday in office hours. This is unbelievable. And not more privacy. If you do not accept the personal data delivery to this new app company, you simply can not use the App. It should be a law against this. I will contact headquarter to have my money back for this devise.﻿ And..... The chart in the website says this app is compatible for galaxy note 3, 4 and 5. And that is not true, because here, in Google Play, it says this App in compatible with my Note 9. Everything has been a mass. PLEASE OMRON, fix this mass.
I NEVER use apps that require setting up an online account in order to use it....too bad yours does. Be nice if I could just download my data to my phone, or better yet, directly to my computer. Uninstalling...
Never would connect.
Does not work on my phone
Your app makes me BP high!
Absolute garbage. Just took my pressure and it shows nothing. I really regret spending over 100$ on this omron meter. If you are looking for a meter, buy another brand. Trust me.... It also expects us to pay for the use of this software after a month of premium.... Yeah right, get bent!
after recent update cant connect still having same issue in August, in fact can not connect period.
Rubbish.
Doesn't support older model blood pressure monitors. Also want way too much access to your device that has nothing to do with monitoring your health. Really need to decide whether they want to be in the health care monitoring device field or the data mining field.
To add to the multitude of complaints and outage, this app displays inaccurate readings. There are instances where a 1 has a 2 over the top of the leading numeral for blood pressure and it marks that reading showing you have hypertension. I downloaded the CSV file to verify that my readings were correct and they are i.e. the reading should have been 144 not 244. The Google fit integration is not working and this is very disappointing as that would allow me to see my data in s far better format.
It worked great until the current update! Way to go Omron!!!
Just bought and synced to my phone the bp7000 and it won't work, says an app is needed to use this device. I've deleted and re downloaded app 5 times, rebooted phone with no luck. My phone is listed in their list of useable devices. Never should have bought it.
Can not download it to use it. Have tried three times to download it. Not successful.
Wont pair just like everyone else. Does a good job at reading BP.
The app does not sync data with Google Fit even it is linked to my account. I don't even know how to download my data from the app or website. The only thing I can do is reviewing my BP history. What a useless app.
Won't pair to our 7450.
Warning: if you have the old Omron app, DO NOT UPGRADE! I upgraded and now cannot download months of data! I have sent in a request for info on how to download, but am afraid that I will not be able to!
Doesn't work.
It is really bad App I will return the items I Ibought as to save my EKG in my mobil I will need to pay and the app in general is not good there are other better . Do not buy it you will lose money
Agree with previous reviews. Won't transfer data even with location data on. Don't need location data for this. Will not us or change review until fixed.
Amazing a company can build a decent blood pressure monitor but is clueless 
with Bluetooth. I have tried pairing my monitor with 3 different phones 
over the past 3 years and it never worked. Got email about this new app 
thought maybe they got it right..not even close.
It doesn't sync with my Galaxy S20 Plus Ultra. Please update the app.
First Omron product and cannot even create an account (from what I'm reading, maybe better that way) as does not even display the terms and privacy documents. Bad sign, probably return.
app sucks; Go back to the original app..
Update. Was able to login only after resetting PW. Now 1.5 month reading are missing from the history. App is awful.
Won't pair. Tried a dozen times or more. Rebooted phone. Tried everything. Blood pressure is higher now than it was before.
Awful! Want to go back to old app but can't 😢 data is small and hard to see. Graph has no lines- unable to see at glance progress. Not liking this!
Worst app ever!!!  Now Omron is trying to undermine more personal data and sell more products.  The original app was fine, simple, and worked well without having to turn on pinpoint location in order to use the app.  Do not even think about adding all of your personal data especially medications...that is overstepping HEPA requirements within the medical industry.  Omron is attempting to gain as much personal medical data they can, so they can sell it off to the insurance industry!  I hold an MBA, so I know all about the revenue tied to extracting your personal data and going under the radar, bypassing laws and regulations all the while taking people's rights away!!!  We all bought the machine to transfer data to our devices and share with our Doctors, not "Big Corporations."  The other issue with the app is, it constantly wants you to pair it with your device even though it is already connected.  As I called into Omron, I let it be known that their new app is an attempt to gain more personal information.  If you are one who don't mind sharing your personal medical data with other people other than your doctor then this app is catered for you!!!  It is the Devil in disguise!!!
I want to save to my phone not to some corporation to sell
11/7/18 -- very strange - I can't buy a fully functional hardware device (Omron Evolve) because of an electronic app deficiency ? 11/01/18 update. Sent 2 emails to Omron noting that Android Pie (v9) was released 8/6/18 (almost 3 mo ago) and this app is incompatible w/ v9. Wanted to find out when app would be updated since v9 has been out nearly 3 mo ! Replies only confirmed the incompatibility I knew about, but said nothing about updating the app for v9 compatibility. 10/31/18 -- Had to install the app (even though I do not have the Omron Evolve BP device), just to be able to write this review. I called Omron and was told that the app is NOT compatible with the latest Android v9 (Pie) but it "MAY" become compatible in the future. So, the latest Omron BP device (one of the best on the market), has only one, incompatible app that would make its' features usable (e.g., graphs, history, ...). Android v9 was rolled out on Aug 6 ; this app was updated 2 mo later (Oct 5). Can't buy an Evolve until the app updates compatibility to Android 9.
The "upgrade" of this app no longer works with my series 10 device that has a big ol' Omron logo on it. Why scrap the old app if the new one doesn't work with the older model? I sure hope they are working on an update to the app that fixes this unfortunate glitch.
Doesn't connect, requires way too much personal information. My health is not any corporate entities business. Neither is my location. Will be returning my very expensive EVOLV BP Monitor as it is useless without the app. And the app is useless.
Fails to connect to Google Fit. I already had a BP monitor and only got this one because it was marketed as compatible with Fit. Used FSA money for it unfortunately. First time bluetooth setup was a real hassle as well. Getting a Withings next time. What a pain.
There is no way I would install any app on my phone that required the level of permissions this new version requires. And now the old version doesn't work. Also, why no link to the privacy policy? I thought I'd give it another try. Well, it gets even worse. Now if you install the app when the screen that asks for your consent to create an account and asks you to agree to the privacy policy the link to read the policy goes to a blank page.
It finds the device but will not pair. Useless.
Will not pair through bluetooth.
App will not pair with BP786
Can't export readings. Just keeps crashing. App is not well designed.
Do NOT download this unless you want to worry about nothing and you can't go back and use the OMRON WELLNESS APP. I thought give it a try took my BP 124/73 You guessed it HYPERTENSION after several test of 118/64 to 132/76 and multiple HYPERTENSION readings. Several higher readings due to this app. I set up an appointment with my families Cardiologist he said the readings are great. I then try to use the old app where 134/84 is fine unless you are at rest which my CARDIOLOGIST agreed with. I strongly suggest not using this app it could even be dangerous and cause more stress. I have 9 months of NO test history that I will lose if resetting my monitor. Anyone recommend a different brand with a similar app to the wellness. You owe me $169.79 for my CARDIOLOGIST BILL as it was a total waste of time. You should pay $350 for the half days work I missed.
Don't but any Omron devices based on using this app. Poor development team unable to keep up with smartphone advances and operating system upgrades.
Does not connect to my phone Galaxy S8
this app should be free with any omron product
This appt update makes it impossible to sync with my phone for BP readings.  I liked it at first but now it is giving me higher BP and much frustration trying to get it to sync.  I have spent 30 minutes this morning attempting to sync.  I liked the idea of a portable cuff and the cuff is easy to use. However the purpose of syncing it does not work.  If not improved by next week I will be returning.
Good monitor, good app. Not with $100/yr.
I am uninstalling the application due to the new update. Extremely 
unfriendly. Diagnoses are incorrect and pointless information. Will only 
use the cuff and not the application.
The new app has the same issue as the old app and doesn't pair with my phone. I have the Samsung Note 8. Pathetic!
very difficult to pair with Samsung Galaxy smartphones. I tried it on Note 4 as well as S8 Plus. No luck. I have BP Monitor BP786 bought in USA which was synced with Note 4 earlier. Omron should look into this application and improve on connectivity with various devices. Otherwise what is the point in buying Series 10 device if I have to enter the BP readings manually?
I have the wrist blood pressure monitor. It gave me super bad readings even when I was taking my blood pressure correct. Im super pregnant so I have to go to the hospital for no reason because of this stupid thing. Going to be returning it.
This app sucks and the support team is not allowed to have phones so even they cannot assist properly.
Awful. I just want to get user 1 and user 2 but apparently I need two devices and 2 accounts for that.... #Fail For me user 1 does the one shot no User 2 does the averaging 3 shot go So now I have to write down all the data sitying in front of the machine to get it to my doctor. #Fail
This app does not pair with the device. Troubleshooting not helpful, completely garbage.
Worst app in Google Play, far worse than the initial Omron apps. They were difficult, but manageable. This one takes the cake for ghastly and broken to the max. 12/27/2018 Still is just ghastly and intrusive, get this fixed!!!! You are losing customers and profits with this awful application modeling.
Removed from my phone. Junk, upsells often and is missing current readings. I'll write the readings down by hand from now on. If you want access to my private health information, you need to do a better job with you app and privacy. Overall it's a reason to not buy another omron device in the future.
Total scam. Company sells personal info and you cannot sync with a Omron BP monitor until you purchase a subscription. Totally false advertising.
You had an app that functioned perfectly. The forced update is nothing more than a scam to mine personal info to sell and get more $$ from customers who already spent good $$ on your product. Very dissatisfied at this point. UPDATE 3/21 - Thanks for the canned response...30+ days later. It still doesn't address the fact that the app is now difficult to use (too many steps) and is a tool to sell more stuff. We just wanted a BP app that works with the Omron device...not a damn marketing tool.
Not only does O moron want to commercialize of your private medical information they want to charge you to do it they don't allow you to use their device which you've already paid for without giving them extras I'm finally the the app doesn't work it keeps sending you to add it won't let you record the data from the blood pressure monitor
I like the old app
After downloading and installing, you have to agree to 4 different terms to get the app to create an account with the statement that you can opt out on 2 terms. These terms are aligned with your personal information and sending your personal and medical information to entities outside of the US. Why cant you opt out BEFORE and not subject your PII to exploitation? Stay away from this app and any like it.
Since my last update I am completely unable to transfer data to my phone anymore. I have no problem pairing the device, it connects fine, however once I try to send the readings over it starts the connection and after few seconds it says can not locate the device, please make sure you are within 10 feet of the device.. this is the main functionality I bough this for and it doesn't even work.. very unhappy with this.. please fix this asap!
will not open and sync easily. It tries to force putting private information out on Internet
I would give a four or five star if this past was on his old layout. I see no need for the location to be turned on when I'm uploading my readings. And ever since the app updated to have the location turned on I have not been able to pair the blood pressure cuff to the app. Both the app and the cuff show that it paired but when I go back into the app to transfer my readings my cuff is not in there. I think I'm going to be deleting this app soon.
deleted app. upgrade was horrible. old program was wonderful.
Bp monitor should not require location permissions. Its one thing to ask another to fail installation.
They REQUIRE migrating to this from the Wellness app. This pushes an unwanted promotion for an EKG device. Contacting support does nothing. Buy a different BP cuff!
This new app blows! The old app did exactly what needed to be done, MY BLOOD PRESSURE! I don't need all of this other stuff and had I known this was a bait and switch scam to get you to purchase a monthly service, I would have never purchased this product. I DO NOT reccomend this product. I am seriously considering reporting this company to the authorities.
old version was better. please fix. might just look for a better BP monitor.
Wouldn't pair. Update is huge especially for a pairing issue
collects and shares entirely too much info. For es you to sign up with 3rs parties just to get started.
this app is junk. App doesn't work
bad app and no way to bypass the update. also my account seems to be empty on the cloud. I cannot login in the new app, even after I reset my password!!! does not working. the version before was just fine. I cannot show my blood pressure to my doctor anymore. no stars! very bad for the users omron. Shame!
The upload of readings no longer works.
Used to work then they 'improved' it. Now monitors don't sync anymore.
No idea what UX means.
New is not always better. This is the worst "update" I have ever downloaded. The old app did exactly what I needed it to do and was user friendly. I have the Omron 10 blood pressure monitor, I don't need the ekg, resting heart rate, weight or perscription monitor. I don't need want you to know my location age or height. The old app was easy to pair, download data and had a very easy to read graph. This app is the opposite. I am uninstalling it now.
This is the most difficult app to install, pair, and use. Despite numerous attempts, I am unable to easily get into the program from the icon and transfer BP readings . Hate it.
You have no problem with this app? Then you are probably running an old version of Android. This app does not pair with the basic current version of Android 10 on a vanilla Google Pixel phone. Pretty standard and Android 10 has been out a long time. If it's working fine for you, beware of upgrading your OS or phone in the future as you will probably lose your data and/or be unable to use the app in future... and as mentioned in other reviews, other apps like MedM Blood Pressure works wonderfully, which means it's just this software which is horrible. but Omron don't care... just like the honey badger.
Won't sync with my new phone (Moto Z Droid) and now can't go back to old 
app because all data has been "migrated." The old app wouldn't sync with my 
new phone either, so I used an old phone to sync and then could read the 
data on my new phone. However, the new app won't install on the old phone, 
so l can no longer use it to sync with the BP machine. Bottom line is that 
now I must enter data manually on the new phone.
you want to know too much about me. I did not sign the hippa form. I don't need big brother
-700 stars app worthless. I want my $300 back for lost time and mental pain. Contacting state police on pressing charges against Omron for selling medical trash!!!!!
why does this app need access to literally everything on my phone?? and selling data collected on my phone?? no effing way!
Simply, the old app that was available when I purchased the blood pressure monitor was perfect. Now, it is utter bull****. And as many other purchasers have noted, this new app/setup is a scam to get more $. The EKG monitors are doing the same thing. They can all shove their products up their a$$es!
Major invasion of privacy. I can still use the hardware which is good, but will no longer be able to use the Bluetooth convenience with this new app.
There is a monthly fee of $9.99 to be able to store BP data montn after month; when the app is offered at the Omron web page under FAQs: it says; How much does the Omron Connect Mobile app cost? Answer: Our mobile app is available for Free. Misleading answer implying No cost to use it, after trial period you have to pay for the membership every month to be able to store data. That is wrong and deceiving.
This app will not pair with my Omron 786 on my brand new Google Pixel 3 regardless of what I try. The same monitor pairs fine with my original iPhone 6 and the Omron iOS app.
This is really invasive.Why do you need my location to BT pair my monitor(if it even worked)? Syncing with google fit also requires a ton of read access on the rest of your profile. Just let me copy some numbers off the device I already bought without trying to make me the product.
Its constantly asking for location services to be turned on. Even when its on. Why does it need the phones location on?? The Bluetooth doesn't need it. And phone location has nothing to do with transferring my bp numbers.
Every time I try to add my daily blood pressure to sent it always says no monitor and I know what I'm doing because I even got assistance from the company this app don't make no sense at all you all need to fix the glitches in it because a person's high blood pressure going to their doctor is very urgent and very important it needs to be fixed ASP thank you
Poorly written app. Never worked properly.
Must register to work
Omron needs to fix their applications  brand new devices fail to pair or sync.  This is 2nd Omron Bluetooth BP that fails to work. Frustrating!
Not happy said it would work w/Galaxy S10e; however it only works w/Android software Version 8, not Version 10 so I can't sync it w/my phone. So the app doesn't do much good, unless you want to manually record your BP readings.
Horrible app. Take a minute to read the "Privacy Policy". Omron collects much of your personal data well beyond simply data from their products for their own monetary gain. All I want is an app that will store my BP data. I see no reason to grant them access to keep, use and sell all of my personal private phone information and data from other apps. Take note that Omron does not respond to a single review. I suppose they feel best to remain silent when there is no defense or viable explanation
Bluetooth functionality poor!!!
This app needs to be removed! they forced their android users to this app for BP readings. Since then it will pair but not receive readings from the monitor. basically it stopped working completely. same behaviour on my S8 and S10. called their 'support' who said the dont support any android versions above 7! Wow. Please remove this app
As usual, cannot connect with my Onrom BP device. An ongoing problem for years, irregardless of what phone I'm using. You would think pairing a bluetooth device is easy, and it usually is, but not with this app. Plus creepy privacy policy. Don't waste your time. Installed again and uninstalled. Pure garbage.
why we patients have to pay the premium? we purchased the machine from your company!
like the old app.
This is the worst app I've ever seen for blood pressure tracking. Used to give you your averages for day, week year, etc. Now it doesn't and it sucks. I use a third party app instead now because of how bad this is. They want 99 dollars a year to access stuff they used to give us for free after having purchased the meter. I don't think so. Not gonna happen. Used to be a loyal Omron customer but I've decided to seek out a better company that actually values its users, not tries to take advantage of them.
If you are willing to accept their massive privacy violation demands you might get an app the barely sometimes works. Device is fine
Was recently "migrated" to this app from the Omron Wellness app. It claims to be paired with my BP786N and acts like it's syncing (including the animation on the monitor) but never receives any data. Essentially the advertised Bluetooth feature of the monitor is non-functional. I am not amused.
It will not work or even recognize my valid email. It is a waste of time. And, they do not even answer their 800 number. I wish had bought my BPM from a better comlany.
Terrible App does not pair with my phone. Tried multiple times. From reading other reviews this is common. I would give this App 0 stars if i could.
Purchased BP769CAN at Costco, app cannot pair 😫 with my phone (Samsung Note10+)... looked at FAQ, and my phone is not listed! WTH!
DO NOT BUY OMRON PRODUCTS. This app just evolved from mediocre, which is 
fine, into data-mining, personal information collecting Spyware, with the 
latest update. It is unbelievable and unconscionable that they suddenly now 
need access to my "location" in order for me to sync my blood pressure from 
my device. Omron, if you actually read these reviews, the general public is 
not stupid. We know when a company engages in privacy "creep" over time, 
after we become accustomed to using their products. I am uninstalling this 
new version of spyware software immediately, and I am throwing a 4 month 
old $150 Omron blood pressure cuff in the garbage and replacing it with 
something that does not invade my privacy. I will never buy another Omron 
product again, and I will inform my entire large extended family, and my 
friends of this bad experience with your privacy overreach.
Wretched disclosure in the summary report which was a trial for about six weeks. Now it won't generate this summary report and they want $10 a month to print out the one-page report. Wretched wretched wretched. If you can find another Bluetooth enabled blood pressure monitor you would be well-advised to purchase it instead of the Omron device.
Awful Awful Awful. Can I go back to the old version? This is mostly an effort to get you to "subscribe" and to buy the Kardio device. The BP side not compatible with Samsung S8 (and Probably S9) because of the device width. Readings labeled "Normal or Elevated" are fine but if you get Hypertension Stage 1 it is overwritten on top of the actual reading. Terrible. Old app was straight forward and simple to use. There is No ability to customize the ranges (per doctor's recommendations) like my blood sugar meter. Uses the AHA recommendations which have been blasted by the medical community as too low. People were passing out when they achieved the overly low recommendations. Just bring back the old App. It was just fine. Forget the EKG meter...and the "subscription model". few will buy it. I have gone thru 3 Omron arm cuff units in the past just trying to keep up with incompatible software. I was told I had to convert to this or I would be converted in September. This is just BAD. Do you do any sort of Beta testing to identify these flaws and develop software and devices people will love? Apparently not. Count me among the many DISSATISFIED.
Will not connect with update. Did all the help topicd to no improvement. .
Wouldn't pair with expensive BP monitor. :( It keeps asking for location, even when it's been granted.
Does not pair
Agree with all new app broke my ability to link to my SAMSUNG Galaxy S. I never could get it to pair with my Google Pixel XL (old or new app). Blue tooth app BLE Scan shows lots of info and can connect on Pixel. Pixel and Tablet both act like they will pair (find the device and ask which user number and then go into infinite loop of trying to connect until one of the two give up...as am I. Sad that the a blog pressure monitor raises one's blood pressure out of frustration.
Does work on pixel 4 xl and android 10.
Wont connect to blue tooth
Doesn't pair, I see why low ratings now! lol
Won't sync with bluetooth on three different devices and three different wifi connections. My blood pressure is through the roof after fighting with POS
I bought this blood pressure monitor to do just that,  NOT for EKG or weight readings.  If I knew updating the app would completely change everything I never would have updated.   And you do know bait and switch is illegal here in the US, right?  Never would I have bought this product if I knew there would be a monthly charge.   How dare you! Time to file a complaint with the Attorney General's office and also BBB.
Unfortunately I can't give the app zero stars. Liked the old app, would have given it 4 stars. Only problem with it was the export and email results feature never worked. But I could always log into the website with my laptop and use it to export my results. This app doesn't seem to have that ability. This app is pure garbage.
very bad app, doesn't connect to download, previews version worked much better very disappointed.
Sucks
garbage, lost months of data from the old app when I had to update. how worthless is this now. uninstalling
Not compatible with my Samsung phone. All BP devices, smart phones, & app should be compatible but they're NOT.
Terrible interface, couldn't transfer the last 2 weeks of data. No possibility to enter those measurements manually. Was perfectly happy with old app, hate the new one. Why can't I go back?
Not interested in having Omron receiving my data so that I can use the blue tooth feature.
Not compatible with Note10+ ??? Will not pair, see's it, but won' pair... going back.
Website is horrible. They want to charge to track taking your medications. People can find free apps to track their medications. That is truly sad that for 30 days you can track taking your medications like it's a big deal when folks been just fine before purchasing their Omron BP device.
The old app was so much better. It was simple and convenient way to sinc your readings and keep the log. Now this app is just tying to sell you a subscription. Big thumbs down to Omron
New app will pair within 1 to 2 seconds but when trying to transfer readings says cannot find meter. Old app worked perfectly new app is useless but old app is disabled and forces you to download new app. Please fix or enable old app
Terrible interface, no obvious way to pair bluetooth when blood pressure device isn't connecting. Really has no good features otherwise, just a history tracker that duplicates function on BP device. Big fail.
I have a Samsung S9 with Android 10 and cannot get the BP7450 to even pair. It senses the device but just keeps looping to connect and never actually does.
The monitor simply will not or connect. So frustrating
Connects easily but insists there are no readings since Nov 13. Now I'm going to have to record the month manually for my doctor.
Hot garbage for an app. Better to just keep a pen and paper record than this. why do you absolutely need to access my location for bp sync? Uninstalled & deleted this trash.
It absolutely will not find my phone when I try to connect to my Note 10+. I've reset system cache, uninstalled and installed again about 10 times. NOT a good app.
Automatic entry is the only free feature... I'll just seamlessly enter my blood pressure in BP Journal and get all the reports I want for free
Used to be 5 stars. Omron updated and now it's absolutely worthless!! My phone is just 2 years old and running current software. Unacceptable Omron!
Will not pair with device , tried several times no help with support.
It deserves 0 stars because it does not work. Will not pair to my blood pressure cuff. The old application worked, but the new version added a lot of new features such an expensive premium service. Even if they fix this version, I won't use it because I no longer trust it.
I can't get it to work on my Android phone!
This app blows. Forced to upgrade to this app, from the old one that worked, and can't get past the login screen, regardless of what I do.
Wow, this is a truly useless ap. Transfers do not work. Can I rate this with less than one star?
compared tothe original Application, which was very simple, this total Garbage! Very disappointed!still Garbage to the original and now they want to Charge you!
I'm in Canada, why have I accept that my information will be transferred to US? Why have I accept the marketing bs sent by Omron? I have already purchased Omron's monitor, isn't it enough to be registered? I am going to return this monitor and buy any product from this company. Beside that, the app size more than 100mg. What is inside?
App requires you to turn location on for it to work?!?!?! What a joke. No reason for that when monitors use bluetooth and your sitting beside it. SPYWARE!!A
total overkill for what it should be. nearly 90 meg of an app. and requires features of your phone that it SHOULD NOT. location to transfer bp ratings off my omron series 7 - not needed.. they are selling your data, remove this app asap!
Epic fail to pair to my phone. Paired once to hook it up but fails to sync every time.
Omron products continue to have difficulty connecting with Android with my 
experience being Samsung S7 Edge and Note 8. These problems existed with 
prior app. I am inclined not to purchase from Omron in the future because 
bluetooth functionality was a reason for my original purchase and I don't 
want to use this app with my iPad only.
I got as far as the multiple check boxes telling me that my personal health information will be stored outside my country (Canada) and accessible by the company. This is unnecessary for this application. I will be uninstalling the app and returning the blood pressure cuff.
Garbage won't pair with my bp786can
Unpredictable transfers. Sometimes it transfers easily, 5 seconds after starting the app. Other times it takes lots of attempts with many failed transfers. Pressing the transfer button on the Omron does not increase the likelihood of a successful transfer. All attempts made with phone just a couple of feet from the Omron . This thing is driving my blood pressure up. Using with Omron 7350 and Samsung Galaxy Note 9.
$ 10 dollars a month! BS! Email said free app! Trial period the $10 a month! What a scam! Omron BP cuffs are great! But this app sucks! Omron could make a much better app! Having to pay monthly fee for fee extras! This app will only track your BP! Anything else they'll charge you! 🤬🤬🤬🤬
New app will not pair with my blood pressure monitor. Notice also after 
installing, Omron wants to charge users money for the "premium" version. 
Last time I purchase an Omron product, especially with poor support.
Cannot get it to pair with my BP786
Does not connect BP monitor to smart phone via Bluetooth as was advertised.
Does not work An exercise in frustration trying to link and download. Just awful.
If Omron hired actual monkeys to write the code for the app, it would be better than what they provide. The previous app would not pair using bluetooth. After all the development time they have had, it amazes me that the new app still fails to pair.  Avoid Omron like the plague.
Worked ok at first. now I cant add my omron 7 wrist and it says I have new readings but when I transfer app says it can not find the omron bp monitor. just purchased 2 omron 7. will be returning. old app worked great until I was forced to add new app.
The app just doesn't work. Not worth the effort. We have model BP5450.
Never Connects. Do not even install the app. Device is perfect, app really sucks. For all the excellent Japanese engineering in the monitor, lousy Canadian software and support performance ruins it all. Such a shame.
Made me upgrade to new app with no option to transfer 2 months of old readings total BS
As others have already stated multiple times, bluetooth pairing does not work with bp786 on either a galaxy note 9 or a galaxy 8. Which means the manufacturer is blatantly lying about the capabilities of their products.
It was forced on me and now I've lost my history except for a single reading and it no longer connects. Unfortunately I can't give it a zero star. Ain't progress wonderful?
Worthless app
The WORST in capital letters! I never would have bought the device if I knew the app was this bad. Bluetooth is unreliable under the best conditions, but this one doesn't function at all. And yes, my phone is listed as compatible. I'll just use SmartBP and enter my data manually. Uninstalled this nonsense.
Worse app..why would i give consent for you to share my info and violate hippa. You cant do nothibg without companies wantibg to share your info.. World of technolgy..keep it
just like everybody else says you guys are a piece of sh . but then I called your phone number and I spoke to two real nice ladies named Lori and Shanna, bolthwho helped me fix it. thank you to hfor being so nice to me Lori. but wait for the big surprise when you get it all hooked up they want to put you to pay $99 a year for $9.99 a month one of the other
Does not transfer recordings
My Galaxy s10+ has no problem seeing the Bluetooth from the Omron Evolv, but after the app shows me the exact model and serial number it's trying to connect to it just spins until timing out. I shudder to think of my 70 year old parents trying to get this junk working.
I can't get it to connect to it's own monitor.  This app is completely useless
No terms and conditions to review. Plus you have to agree to allow them to use your info for marketing. What a joke. Good equipment, worthless app.
Terrible app! It's actually worse than my first 2 star review! I followed the video instructions and it does allow the user to get to the screen to pair? UNINSTALLED!!!
I installed this app and ran it. The first thing that appeared was a screen that had two buttons. One button said "Login" and the other button said "Create Account". No thank you. My blood pressure is my businessm not Omrons.
Uninstalled. New App adds more stress to the overall process due to the new 
guidelines which now puts many users in the "risk" catagory. Privacy check 
points are suspect. Monthly payments plus more money towards medical bills. 
This is not an Ideal app to have when it fails to decrease stress, thus 
causing higher than normal readings. I can no longer use the old app and as 
a result I've also unregistered from your site.
App no longer connects to my phone. I hope they update it.
False advertisement at its finest. This will not synchronize with your Google Fit account. OMRON connect states in their advertisement that their products and app will synchronize with Google fit. I spoke with their customer service on the phone and they blamed the problem on Google. I was informed that I must give permissions within my Google account to allow the OMRON app to connect to Google fit. Google states that such synchronizations must be done through the app.
Can no longer sync readings with the unit. The biggest scam is no the app 
wants to charge $$$$ for the "full" version. Omron is by far not the 
cheapest brand on the market, the app was part of the package. Complete BS
My Galaxy S6 did connect now they said it's not compatable but they will give me a 10% discount to buy a newer BP tester that is. My tester is only a couple years old and purchased specificly because it worked with an app. The tester still works fine but without the app working I could have bought a much cheaper tester and don't have the stats for my Dr on my phone which was the point. Don't buy their products if you expect all features to continue working or buy a new one every couple years.
will not pair with newly purchased monitor.
brand new machine, I downloaded and opened the omeron app then I tried to access the privacy settings... they never opened... why would I agree to a blank page? I wouldn't... the app has been uninstalled... and by-the-way my first impression of the app... I have already purchased this item so I don't need a page of advertising I would prefer the opening page to have information about the app and how it works...
I have two devices that will not pair up with this app
Device never pairs properly, and once paired becomes unparied and can't communicate with the device. For a large company like omron this is a disgrace to their name.
wont connect my bp machine to the app through the bluetooth.
Bluetooth pairing is a big problem. Landscape position is fixed. It cannot be changed. Simply pathetic app.
After a free 6 weeks trial period, Omron wants a $99 annual subscription just to print/save a one page summary report!!! What a RIP off, that is only disclosed after purchase and use of the monitor. The leaders of Omron should be ashamed of this deceptive/greedy policy. I will never buy their products again.
Not sure the app could be any worse if the company tries. Bought over a year ago, the original app worked for a month then bluetooth never worked again. Still doesn't, this is a problem that could be fixed in a week if you paid your programmers to do so. It's pretty unreal.
i can't get it to work
This is garbage you have to agree to advertising and junk mail also you have to agree to share your personal info that's collected by your device. Total garbage if you ask me. Dont even bother to download it
The old app was much better for tracking BP. And not only is the app worse, it lost over 6 months of readings migrating data. I depend on those reading to give to my cardiologist. And after being migrated, you can't go back to Wellness. In a word, this app SUCKS.
Can no longer log in after update, and can't get a password reset. Thanks for rendering the bluetooth portion of my bp monitor useless.
Bluetooth doesn't connect. Makes app nearly worthless. Th
The new app is nothing more than a bait and switch attempt to sell more products. the new user agreement pretty well garantees that you've just signed for a flood of new junk mail as well. To get to the screen to allow data tranfers from the reader is now two or three screens deep. Add to that the fact that now the dam thing while it pairs with the reader it is now no longer able to transfer data.
this app isn't intuitive to use and feels like an advertisement. dissatisfied.
Bad app. Upgraded my phone to a Galaxy S20 FE and,like others, I cannot get the BP monitor to connect with my phone. Fortunately I get the extended return time because of Christmas so I will be returning it. I bought this version specifically for the connection via Bluetooth. Shame on you Omron for not upgrading the app to work with new phones.
unable to sync
What happened to auto syncing record. This app has NO interface with Relion gear and now all my data is gone since the old app no longer works and data is not transferred to the replacement app. I so disappointed and shocked! The new app also requires a subscription $$.
App sees my Omron BP786 monitor but won't pair with it, rendering the app useless.
ha ha .. this is a joke. the only thing Omron did not ask for is my Social insurance. please include it as well. ( developer: to be clear, this is sarcasm) and yes OMRON 786 goes back on the store shelf.
I bought the Omron BP device - loved it and the app! THEN they upgraded the app and you have to pay $9.99 a month to get your history! And it is NOT as user friendly... very disappointed - I do not use many of the required upsell features. The company should provide BOTH tiers of service. I have gone from being an advocate to being an extremely disappointed customer. I shocked myself when I started browsing online for a new BP device! I just got this one!!!
They ask you to consent to privacy policy they don't show. However little they need me, I need them less. Their app is a cheap marketing tool
Waste of time. Infuriatingly rotten, non-functional app. I can't believe I actually paid for this. The company should stick to hardware and immediately fire and exile anyone who touched this software.
The data is often wrong even when a range is selected. It seems Omron could care less as the complaints typically surface. Not worth uploading and they charge for simple things like reportimg medications for about $100.00 per year.
***BEAWARE THIS APP COLLECTS YOUR IDENTIFIABLE HEATH INFORMATION AND MOVES IT TO THE US TO DO WHATEVER THEY WANT WITH IT.***
No problems with old version, this one is trying to do too much. 
Uninstalling and hoping old version keeps working.
I read through Terms of Service. Some features may require payment? My data is now going to be stored on a third-party server? My answer is NO. I bought my PB786N so that I could wirelessly transfer MY blood pressure data between MY devices...not someone else's. It's a shame (sham?) even more so now because Omron Wellness Forces an upgrade to Omron Connect. Well, both apps will now be removed from my phone. I'll go back to logging my results in a log book and sharing that with my doctor.
terrible. what a backwards move on this new app. I feel cheated. even the charting is worse. bring back the old app Omron!
Poor reviews are accurate, have to agree to sending your info out of the country to use.
Is there another app to work with my BP786N? All I need is an app where I can transfer the readings from my bp786n to my smartphone. This app does that but it also has too many other parts of it that are dedicated to selling you premium and an EKG monitor. I have my Google fit connected to this app but it's not transferring any of my readings.
I used the old Omron app for one thing: recording my blood pressure. They apparently killed that app, and forced users to migrate to this one. This one still does that, but worse, and a ton of stuff I don't need. I just want a simple interface for blood pressure only, and this isn't it.
I can't pair with this new version. The old version worked like a charm. Now I can't sync my data because of this poor version
cant pair with note 9
Only works about half the time. You have to re-pair the device every time you change the battery.
Garbage. Don't waste your money.
Yo much personal data needed
This is by far the worst app I've ever used, and I have used hundreds. Nothing I do will allow my blood pressure monitor to connect with my S20 Ultra via Bluetooth. I carefully read and followed the directions and tried several times to pair to no avail. I even attempted to manually pair, but it refuses to pair without this useless app. And there is NOTHING helpful in the so-called "support." I would not have bought this monitor at all if I had had another choice, but HSA and CVS, ya know 😓
It's BS that I have to have location services turned on. I don't want you to know my location history and you don't need to know where I am for me to check and keep track of my medical info. The old app worked just fine for auto inputs of data. Will be uninstalling and looking for alternatives.
Can't ever connect my monitor!
Since update requires permissions for location and MICROPHONE.  Uninstalled!
Come on app dev team, get it together.
Pure junk app. First they changed the name from Onron Wellness thereby adding confusion to what to actually use. The app does pair with Bluetooth (I can see it in the connected devices lists) to my Pixel 2. However, it plays dumb when told to "Transfer new recordings". I get a message saying "Could not find monitor. Please make sure.......10 feet". Well they are next to each other ant my BP monitor has new batteries in it. I'm using the Omron 10 series model BP786N blood pressure device with cuff. This app only has one thing to do and it fails miserably at it.
What the hell? OMRON, you screwed up again. I have 2 BP machines. Now I can't use app for either one. Fix it or I'll never use your product again.
The new program is horrible compared to the old. Omron really screwed up a good thing. I am really sorry i purchased this brand. I would NOT recommend.
Does not connect to device (Omron Evolv).
why i was forced to upgrade to the new version ? i should be able to have an option to keep the old version. installed several times and still not working.
Buy any other machine that this. Doesn't connect like others have said. Took it back and got a new one... same problem. Worthless and you can buy one that doesn't connect for less than half the money. Complete waste of money.
Pairs to 7 Series Wrist but does not transfer data. This seems like a basic function that should just work. Non-functional so useless app. Let me know if you fix it.
will not pair
terrible app...forced to 'upgrade' ....used location services? why? the previous was slick...this one is very poor. basically makes the data collection feature of monitor useless and obsolete! What a easy.
Sad.. Purchased the bp653 on 8/7/18 to help me watch and keep my bp down 
and was very happy with it, but after getting to know the Wellness app, 
setting goals, and creating plans, etc,. online they migrated me to the 
Connect app. No plan or goal settings anymore. No expanded view charts 
online. Really? I think we will have to pay for that at some point. Well, 
have to go check my bp now.
Collection of personal and non personal data
App worked to start but quit and can't be fixed. No customer service backup on this app.
Useless
scamming persobal info
Requires location to be turned on and aggressively up sells premium.
Old app worked fine and coordinated online. New app is a big upsell ad to trap you into spending more. The marketing jerks strike again. Best to consider that Omron no longer has original funtionality as sold and look for other brands if shopping for bpm
this new version sucks compared to the Omron Wellness version they dumped. It made sense and was easy and jnformative to use. This version is anything but useful. Recording on paper or Excel is more informative.
Can't find how to hook up with the device
The original app was better. This one treats me like I'm 90 years old and 
dying. My blood pressure is pretty good. After a cardio workout, it can be 
around 111/70. That gets flagged as hypertension. Slightly higher readings 
(but still green on the meter and ok with the doctor) are flagged in red. 
It wants to remind me about taking readings and medications, etc. They're 
also pushing a premium service. The omron meter is still the best in the 
market in my opinion, but they just ruined the app. It's too "busy" and 
tries to be a doctor. Just record my numbers. Anything else is obnoxious. 
I'll look for other solutions.
Now will not sync with upgrade.
My boyfriend got this and is now furious with how bad this has gotten. It was very helpful with recording his BP but now it constantly struggles with syncing. AND now he's getting push screens that are basically forcing him to buy the freaking subscription. There is NO warnings anywhere about this. Thankfully he has discovered that he can connect his cuff to Samsung Health.
Privacy Policy and Terms of Service cannot be viewed in the app (blank pages), despite requiring me to agree to them to use the app. I will be using this product without the app, thank you very much!
The app has been working fine on my Pixel 2 XL but I am not able to pair my Evolve BP7000 with my new Pixel 5. I have followed all troubleshooting steps, unpaired the device from my previous device also made sure the device is not already paired with my new device. The app is able to recognize the device but can't pair after that. The pairing screen with revolving spinner appears for a long time and eventually tines out. I'll appreciate any help in solving this problem.
does not stay connected. when no machine comes on always shows Bluetooth symbol with word off next to it. the equate brand works better.
Unable to log in (network error, it says), rendering an expensive purchase unusable.
Never connected!!
Why are you collecting my data? Uninstall and rating the device poorly on line as well.
Wont connect with unit. The old all worked better this app stinks I'm using samsung 10x and app wont connect like LikE did with my J7 keeps telling me to pair which it is paired.
App requires my location? Fail. App uninstalled.
terrible app wont synch at all with my bp monitor. old app worked
hate the new app probably going to a different brand I use to love the older app this one is not good don't even bother
Cannot get it to sync with my Android device. I have tried uninstalling, restarting and re-installing. I have tried syncing in many different orders of steps but still no luck. This is going to be returned! If I could rate it less than one star I would!
Junk.  Couldn't get it to pair with my Pixel 3XL.
The app will not function properly without granting invasive location data permission. There is no need just to transfer a reading from my bp monitor to my phone. When the app is installed it is clear the location information will be used for the ads they intend to send to you and that they are going to peddle this information to "partners" ie other firms they will sell your very private data to. Life and health insurance companies would love this very private and valuable information.
Does not work at all. I have synced to my phone. Readings do not get transferred. There is no error shown either in the app or the monitor itself. Have written to dev support. Let us see if that resolves the issue and then I will update my review
App is a mandatory update. Old BP reading history will not upload for tracking
will not consistently record my blood pressure, because it will not sync.
There's absolutely no good reason why my blood pressure cuff needs access to my location to function.
I believe this is like beating a dead horse. This app sucks. Plain and simple. Will not pair, unless done through settings on the phone, but still wont connect and download. Pretty much a PoS!!! I would NOT recommend this unit AT ALL!!!!
Bluetooth won't connect since app update
since they upgraded the old app to this app im having paring and syncing issues... fix it!
POS. I'll just say read on because most have already said what I could. Real junk..don't waste your time. A paper and pencil is faster and more accurate.
Worst upgrade of any app I've ever used
The old app was fine for tracking bp, which was what I wanted. Now, though it says it's paired to my device, it says it can't see it to transfer readings. It's useless now.
Wants too much personal info
The old app allowed me to provide my doctor with actual readings which is what she requested. This does not. I now have to manually transcribe them into an email.
$$$$ subscription and cloud account. Junk app. Doesn't pair with any phone. 
Deceptive.
The 1st version worked for two weeks and stopped syncing. The update added 
manual input which is nice as a backup but the update will not sync nor 
will it pair with the Evolving 7000. Keeps saying cannot find device. 
Poorly made app and now charging for making reports for your doctor which 
are included in other apps for free. Please. Omron, fire the app developer.
Really dislike this upgrade. Difficult to use and very difficult to read. Won't properly sync with my machine, had to enter values manually, and even that was a challenge getting it to accept each one 《press the checkmark to save》. Not intuitive.
Nobody's going to pay to save they're readings bad app idea
If you value your privacy, DO NOT USE THIS APP! The app will not work unless you give OMRON permission to use all your health data INCLUDING YOUR LOCATION, however they want. Talk about Big Brother watching.......
NO, it is NOT compatible with Series 7 Wrist monitor, model BP6350. I emailed the company and even they say: "Android 10.0 or 11.0 are not compatible with the Omron Connect app at this time due to a Security Patch Update to the Android versions. Omron is aware of the issue and is working towards an update. However, there is not currently an ETA on an update. Please wait for an update to the app or attempt to pair to a compatible device." Great!
Omron is datamining and still requires $ for the use of their app? What kind of company does this? And, furthermore, I can't get it to use bluetooth. What a piece of junk!
I was very hopeful that with this new app, I would be able to sync my BP monitor to my phone. I have a BP786 monitor and a Samsung S8. I was never able to pair my Samsung to my monitor with the old app, and now this one does not appear to work, either. I previously had to resort to pairing with an old iPhone, which worked, but was inconvenient.   I am a physician and I have always recommended Omron monitors for their accuracy, but I have shied away from recommending their Bluetooth models due to my issues with my monitor. Guess I won't be changing that any time soon. Very disappointing, especially considering the price of the Bluetooth models. Hoping for an eventual fix.
This stinks. I've tried to create an account three times and all I get is a requirement to download the same app over and over again. At this point your Bluetooth feature is worthless.
Useless waste of time. Bluetooth would not connect no matter what I tried. Searched web and tried every suggestion.
I purchased product with features as described with old app. With the forced new app requiring sharing of health information I no longer have use of the full features I thought I was purchasing. I am returning the BP786N unit as I cannot use all features without sharing medical information. I consider this an unethical ploy with HIPAA.
Uninstalled right away because it wanted my data. I just wanted my data on my phone.
does not connect to most devices. I've only managed to connect it with a pixel 3 phone. not to a lenovo tablet or a samgsung galaxy phone
Used the Omron Wellness app first because the sync was only working intermittently and had to toggle phone/BPM on/off. Then I found this app. It's even worse! Barely ever establishes connection between phone and BPM, and now I can't even go back to using the Omron Wellness app because it tells me that the data has been migrated. I rated Omron Wellness with one star, which means this one should get zero stars.
Does not pair with a phone over a year old. Kind of pointless to require older devices to pair with this.
I decided to give this app a try but after install I had to agree to the privacy terms but it wouldn't let me read it. I uninstalled the app!
Do not load app. if you do not want to give locatio! will not connect to meter unless location permision is enabled.
Horrible app. Will not connect to Bluetooth. Waste of time. Uninstalled and reinstalled 20 times. I give a zero rating.
Connected once and recorded my BP. Won't connect and transfer any data now. Don't know why. I will use my Diabetes app to record my BP manually. Uninstalling.
Well does not transfer reading from the previous ormon app for recent does previous year but nothing in the past couple of weeks change batteries in the machine will not transfer reading junk app
Why does this app need my location to xfer my data via bluetooth? I will be going back to logging my readings in a spreadsheet. Bye Bye.
Had no problem using previous app. I like the way this one shows more detail. But it won't communicate. Their support people replied with a standard "clear their BT DEVICE", reboot devices, and pair again. Pairing is no problem. I get the "single O" right away, which quickly changes to the "rotating O's" when supposedly transferring data. After appearing to send for some seconds, it stops with a red error message "cannot find your device" or similar. My Samsung s9+ now runs Android 9.0.
Too many required permissions. Old Omron app was much better. This one does not synch well with my phone. I don't need or want half the features provided
Have tried everything to connect to my samsung S9. Says its compatible. I'veogged out, reinstalled, used the faqs, called support. No luck. Dont spend the extra money on this. It never works with the bluetooth feature. Extremely disappointed and will tell doctor to stop recommending it.
Why do I have to register? I just wanted to use the app. Not share my data with Omen!!!
Sucks
Does not connect to device through Bluetooth as advertised. Using lg k30. Reset Omron evolve upper arm device tried again does not work. Yes Bluetooth is on for both phone and device. Arm recognizes device but fails to connect.
Terrible app, wants to plow you for marketing information and would not let you use their Bluetooth capability that you paid for when purchasing the BP monitor device. Can't even read their privacy policy cause the link will not display content upon clicking. Do not buy Bluetooth BP monitor since then it's useless and you can, buy cheaper products then that.
I bought this just for the bluetooth so I wouldn't have to write down every pressure I take. Biiiig mistake. I should send it back. It won't even pair.
Would not sync with Omron wrist. Difficult to use
new app won't transfer data from monitor that were stored before the "upgrade" requires too many permissions, including permission to send marketing emails
will not pair with my S8
Will not sync...app shows monitor is paired. But when I transfer new readings, it says monitor not found.
The app works fine, connects via bluetooth without many issues, but every time I try to download blood pressure readings to a .csv, it's blank. The column headings are there, but no data. It's 2020, how hard is it to download data to a .csv?
After update the privacy policy requires that you share everything with them. They don't need to access my contacts, location, or anything else. Damn you for ruining a good tracking app.
The Omron Wellness app was subpar so one would expect the Connect to be improved.  Not the case, this app for the BP7000 Evolv is a watered down version of the Wellness app that actually provides less input info.  Generation Zero? Omron app developers are the real zero.
I'm so frustrated. I paid a pretty penny for this devise because of the bluetooth feature. It will not pair. My son who's a computer engineer was unable to pair it with my phone either. According to other reviews it seems to be common problem. Hey tech support PLEASE UPDATE!!
I do not like it is not something I think I will continue I have uninstall it once already and about to again much to geek for me
Disconnected from Bluetooth by it self. Uninstalled, reinstalled and still would not reconnect to Bluetooth. Called Omron for support during business hours and no one answered the phone. Tech Support is exceptionally Poor. I highly recommend NOT BUYING FROM THIS COMPANY.
Only works with a very limited number of phones. Their device ads should make that clear with a link to the app and limited devices supported. They make great devices, but their app leaves much to be desired.
terrible
Does not pair with phone.
Nice one Omron, way to kill your good name This is pure sales spam now.
this is absolute junk! I can not agree more with all the negative reviews below. does not work. nothing but a money grab. I will seriously consider getting rid of device if I can not access reading.
app won't pair with my 7 series monitor eben after clearly detecting the device and prompting for user 1 or 2, then blocks me from being able to take screenshots to diagnose further. Omron is bad and they should feel bad.
Bought this version of monitor specifically so I could monitor my elderly parents blood pressures, couldn't even get it to install on my phone, when it finally did, it refuses to allow me to see the terms & policy?! I'm supposed to blindly allow my parents info to be shared with ... cyber space?? Have used OMRON monitors for years, but with my parents increasing age & health issues I need their health "at my fingers tips" & apps do that ... except this one!
New update just locks up and says no internet.   If you have not updated yours yet, DON'T DO IT
Very bad app compared to ios version
Doesn't transfer records.....
Does not connect like others say. Bought a BP7000. App does identify the monitor, but won't connect. Device seems fine and as others say it connects flawlessly to Samsung Health. Not the end of the world since Samsung health will keep track of my results, but it is not a great look for a company that they seem to not care that their app works or not. Don't buy the device if the app is a must have, if you have Samsung health and don't care about the omron it isn't a big deal. (Galaxy s20 ultra)
Can't connect to my bp device .. very bad app
way too cluttered of an app. the old app was much better. I have also had trouble transferring my readings to this app. the old app did not have these issues. this app is all about selling more services to you.
Readings won't transfer and old app unusable now. Months and months of poor reviews and remarks and this damn app still sucks with zero improvement. Hate it. Bring back the old one. Dear gawd figure it out. 🤦‍♀️ Seriously how can you be so out of touch with your entire customer base?!
Doesn't work - says to turn on location, I turn on location, it still says to turn on location. Not worth the hassle.
I want the old app back. Now!
Usable but not very friendly. For whatever reason, they've disabled screenshots which makes it more difficult to easily share results. what is the logic behind this? if a person wants to share personal health data they should be able in any manner desired. disabling screenshots doesn't prevent someone from emailing another person results, which is the only possible reason for disabling screenshots i can think of. also why does it need location? no reason it should.
You broke this app with latest update. Cannot logon and error message is no internet connection. Forgot password link is useless as it crashes app.  Rebooting phone didn't work not did uninstall/reinstall. Makes BP cuff useless and I would appreciate if the mental midget who did the update give me a full refund.  Galaxy S7 Edge, Android 7.
It sucks & you will watch your BP rise trying to transfer your readings. The BP4350 is a piece of junk, the app for it included.
Same as with the Omron Wellnes. Syncing is still impossible. I will never 
buy another Omron device.
Doesn't sync with Google Fit
Why do I need GPS on to transfer info. It's weird and unnecessary.
BP786 pairs but won't transfer data. Very frustrating buying a product that claims to be able to connect and log via Bluetooth then find that it doesn't work for the majority of users.
Lost the most recent months readings when forced to transfer...all adds for addons...complete disappointment
Will retun unit as terms of use for this app are unacceptable.
Won't connect, tired of trying. Got a Hello Heart and it works perfectly.
NeVeR provide personal information that others have the potential to ..... (anything) !!
Doesn't sync. No use otherwise.
I can't even login. It keeps coming up with an error. I bought it so I could easily keep track of my blood pressure due to my condition.
Terrible! The app does not work. It does not connect with my blood pressure monitor! The old version of this worked well!
Won't pair with my samsung galaxy s20.
Just an app to sell subscription to premium, plus it has to be one of the worst apps ever, the original app was great, I expect they let that guy go who wrote it, time to erase omron from favorites for pressure testers
Difficult to add manual entries from other BP monitors.  App is slow and doesn't present previous reading data in a simple list - the chart is useless.  Also requires location to be on... for what purpose?  One in doesn't need to know where I'm located to get my blood pressure.  Deleting app.  The cuff itself is fine.
Opened app for first time, and it immediately wants you to give permission to send your medical data to someone - without even specifying who!! Also demands that you give them permission to send you their marketing info. Either accept all - OR APP WONT EVEN OPEN/WORK!! WON'T DO IT!! Isn't it enough I just paid probably too much money for your damn device. Isn't that enough? Why more marketing? And who are you going to share my personal medical data with?? NO! WON'T ACCEPT. Uninstalling app!
bluetooth connection is not working
The old apt worked fine 100%. This new app is totally useless. It lost my last 3 months worth of data and it is a bear to get it transfer anything. I wish I could just backlog to the old version
This should have 0 stars. A step backward from a poor, intermittent but sometimes-working previous omron app. This has failed to ever connect to my BP monitor using 2 android devices (and several app "upgrades." Worse? One can't return to the intermittent app. Also, app has no reason to require location.
Garbage app with ridiculous requirements to give away personal information to use.
The blood pressure monitor is good, but I cant believe they would not put a battery charger in with it. They give you 4 batteries that are probably almost dead to begin with, and want to charge you more money for a power chord. What a rip off.
Terrible app. useless and difficult.
Am disappointed, had to change batteries in Omr 10 BP786N. Bluetooth in my Sam Note 20 Ult didn't connect. Kept getting the prompt to pick a user# but after I clicked on the user# it would time out or would say not 10' away from the OmvDevice (which I was 10' or less away). Apparently app doesn't support pairing with the SNote 20 Ult. 100% know since tried pairing device with my old S10+ and it worked. If you don't update app for new phones, you will lose business and sales. Please fix!
Privacy fail. The owners manual suggests that the data is stored on your own device. You don't find out until after you install it that it needs an account, meaning that my medical data would end up in the cloud. accessible to who knows whom. It needs an option to only store data locally.
Only EKG would upload to app since October. Uninstalled and reinstalled app and my BP7900 will no longer connect. Customer service says it does not support Android 11. Please fix.
Just like everybody else using a Pixel(3xl, android 11), it won't connect. Cuff works great. App is 100% useless. One reviewer stated "if you know how to use bluetooth, you won't have problems". This isn't 1990, everything connects to bluetooth and it's basically dummy proof. But like omron suggested, clearing out bluetooth memory or forgetting device and starting over did nothing and yielded same results. Over and over. Disappointing.
Congratulations on developing an entirely new app that does not work at all 
for the majority of your users. I have tried four different phones and one 
tablet and NOT A SINGLE ONE is able to pair to my Omron 10 BP monitor. How 
does this garbage get through your internal QA process?
It is unfortunate that they changed the app from one that would sync with 
my blood pressure cuff, to one that would not.
Garbage. Instead of improving the old system they started over and made it 
worse. Even if you uninstall it you can't go back to the old system
Although the app says it is connected to my monitor, it will not download data.
This app is pure trash. Why would you offer a great app and then upgrade the app in a shameless attempt at making money, but offer an inferior product? OMRON YOUR CUSTOMERS DESERVE BETTER, and that's exactly what I will be looking for.
absolutely refuses to pair device unless you turn on location services and set it to the highest accuracy. hmm I wonder why a bp machine needs to know my geographic location to the nearedt foot.. very scetchy
BP cuff won't pair with pixel 4xl
couldn't paired with the BP with the new app. I am going to return it soon.
what the hell is going first i have had this unit ReliOn for 4 years yesterday fine dec 19 2018 this morning dec 20 2018 8:30 am i turn it on ok. but to store it on my cell phone app. i get this message to go to app Omron? why? it is for a new cuff with bluthooth i dont need to buy a new one this reion works fine so i played the video it shows you but i wanted to use my app ReliOn but cant why? it wont let me go to my relion app why it wants you to automaticaly download OMRON dont need it .
Previous app worked like a charm. The new app though is horrible. Requres confidencial personal information with unfavorable release clauses, loses data tha was on the old app and doesn't properly sinchronize with the heart rate monitor.
it sucks ☹️😞
Junk. Lost my data and will not report. Was forced to move to this junk from the previous app that worked fine! keep the old app, do not upgrade to the new app!
the app sucks !! real PIA to get almost ZERO results....please hire a 15 year old and start from scratch. instruction to sync SUCK.....in the long or short version. Getting the meter to transfer data is IMPOSSIBLE !! Entering by hand gives a poor quality read out which must be clicked on the read properly....ONE OF THE WORST MEDICAL APPS EVER !! even setting the time is a PIA Why dont you tech guys overthere doing NOTHING take a look at the OneTouch diabetes app and copy that !!
Will no longer connect to any of my omron devices.
** OMRON IS A FAIL ** app is useless. poorly designed. bp readings overlap instructional data making both unreadable. physical unit poor as well. continuously triggering unsubstantiated error codes that have caused a loss of faith in the accuracy of the readings. returning unit and going with another brand. contacted customer service and the results were syrupy, and provided no results. wholey disappointing.
This app is worthless. The older version worked so much better. All this app does is sit there and load. Terrible!
Can't pair B7000. It finds the device immediately, and then says can't pair without any more information. Shame this is a good company. Lack competition?
the previous version worked perfectly well. the new 3rd party app is useless requiring new agreement and account login for no other reason than to acquire personal information. the app has been uninstalled from my phone. effectively the monitor no longer connects to any app. a very poor decision on omron's part
Why the low review? Because the app will not update the history with my latest readings from my BP6350 Omron 7 wrist monitor. It said it successfully transfered 7 readings, but they are not visible in the history. Just a reading I took two days ago. So I am not getting a complete history of my readings. Deleting the app doesn't help as the data is stored in a cloud, which you cannot access directly to change or delete. It is paired and does show up in my connected devices in my blutooth settings. At first I was stoked at having a means to keep my readings stored and accessible. But as I found some readings weren't getting stored, I was disappointed. And spent hours trying to get a new reading to show up, even after the app said transfers were successful. Doubt this would get looked at by Omron's app developers, but find something else that will do a better job.
This is NOT worth the time, unless you want to pay. Easery to just write your numbers down since there is on way to even print your results with the base App
Pairs but doesn't connect.
Recognizes the unit but will not pair. Not helpful. Like the others, I don't like that it asks for my location and this version also asks for date of birth. Asking age would be just as good for an ECG or for health advice if that's the point.
Beside the download problems, the reports is a premium service and it cost you $99 annually, so you don't have a report for your records.
Bluetooth Does Not Connect with BP786 (HEM-7321T-Z(V)!!! Brand new Note 9 phone, and nothing. Works fine with every other bluetooth connection. Time to update your crappy app Omron! I never had Any issues with the Wellness App. But since Omron "Migrated" to this new App....IT DOES NOT WORK. Not happy.
This is my first and last Omron that I will ever purchase. works well for 6 months and then it stops pairing. Never able to pair ever since. Called Omron support and was told that my monitor BP786 does not work with the updated app. which i received notification to upgrade. Once it is upgraded there is no way to revert back to the old working app. So their suggetion is buy the newer model. Yes i am buying a new monitor but I'll make sure it is not an Oron or anything remotely related to Omron.
I loved it although I had to enter the readings manually so i purchased two more that sync to use in different levels of my house. A couple of weeks ago they both stopped syncing and i can only manually enter the readings. I am very disappointed and they don't answer emails when you contact them.
My experience with this app? One star, because I still can enter data manually. But don't like to do it that way. App is paired with the monitor but when attempting to transfer readings, it says "could not find monitor". It's not like I'm having my phone far from the monitor, I'm sitting next to it! I have BP786N, it's good monitor, on its end it shows it's in process of transferring, but the app just won't take the readings. Sucks!
The old Omron Wellness app worked (after 2 months of trying--an updated version of the app finally worked). Now Omron has absolutely ruined it and their "fix" described in an email of one or two weeks ago did not work. I've never seen such an awful app. And to think you can't even use the old app once you've switched over to the Omron Connect app. SHAME ON OMRON!
Lame with a side of Lame sauce, could not even read or access the terms and conditions or privacy policy. Will not blindly agree to them without review. Further the ap indicates that my data will be sent outside the US and then brought back to the US under applicable rules. No thanks.
Followed instructions and not able to pair device. Returning device back.
The app is now worthless....they took a good thing and made it totally unusable!
Updated my tablet to galaxy tab 6. Can not reset account. Application crashes my tablet and reboots it when I try to enter email address. Needs fixing because I can not enter my data from my BP meter. Worked until the last update (Feb 2021) two days ago. App will no longer pair on my galaxy tab 6
I have owned a Omron version 10 Bluetooth BP monitor for over a year now. This connect app shows no useful info that you can share with your doctor unless you purchase their premium version for $99.00 per year. Omron Wellness app was much better. Unfortunately you are forced to change from the Wellness app to the Connect app and to make the Connect app as useful as the Wellness app you must purchase a premium version subscription. Shame on Omron. I will be purchasing a different BP monitor.
Why does it REQUIRE my location? Use of that information is not to benefit me. What are they doing with MY information? Bothers me. Would NOT buy again.
terrible needs your location. very intrusive.
So fat it is 2 days since I started to try to download the App..it just keeps showing as Pending. All other apps downlad ok. Bad Experience so far. I'll post again if it can finally install with my experience with the App.
it's hard to use what happen to the old app it was easy relion app lots better
I was very disappointed to find I cannot download BP analysis reports and graphs. That was taken away from me and now requires a premium purchase. Shame on you.
Will not pair with an android smart phone and frequent connection problems with iPhone. My overpriced Omron BP 786 was manufactured in Viet Nam and I will bet the software was farmed out to a 3rd world country as well. US corporate greed rips off another American...
App doesn't work with Galaxy S20 series phones!
app no good.....getting a new B P.
I don't see the need to have my location...oh...that's right, they need it so they can market my information better. I will be manually recording my numbers from now on. I really liked the old app. This is very disappointing.
Frustrating! Paired with my phone, but cant get it to transfer info!! No instructions, just transfer!! Which doesn't work!
It is broke now. Where is my data? Login does not work anymore either with my Omron account.
I have to agree to a bunch of marketing to use this? Terrible.
Doesn't install on Google Pixel 3. Gets to 76% and stops.
前のOmron Wellness Appの方が線グラフ式で時間も24時間制で見やすかった。こっちは非常に分かり難い点グラフ式で午前・午後時間制で見づらい。
Will not pair with bp786n
Layout/functionality/forced personal information sux
they sell you a subscription so you can export an ice report and then they disabled so you can't just take a screenshot of the screen.. disgusting do not buy this product.
Before you can even use the app, you need to check a bunch of consent boxes, one of which is to let my results be uploaded to a US company called AliveCor. Sorry, not happening. Uninstall.
Since the terms of service and privacy policy don't come up when you select to view them, I deleted the app.
Will not work
You have to have location services turned on to use this app. I keep mine turned off except when I'm using navigation. I'm going to uninstall and hope the old app will still work. I'll reconsider this app if it gives an option to use without location services.
Terrible, keeps hanging up
Does not sync with google fit. When pressing the button to sync it just opens the menu
if I could give it a zero I would. cant pair monitor, lost all my previous data trying to pair cant even get in old App. unit still not paired. trouble shooting instructions awful. hoing to return and never using Omron again
Does not pair with s10e after 5+ tries. Very disappointing
You have to agree to send all your personal information to Omron and their partners or the app won't work. If you want privacy, you won't have it with this app. You can't even register the product without agreeing to let Omron collect and share your personal information. I will never buy anything Omron again.
Two frustrating aspects: 1) the ECG portion of the app (KardiaMobile) forces you to shutoff NFC, thus disables contactless payment (gPay). It should automatically shut it off for the measurements and then turn it on, without user intervention. Or, at least, not require me to dig into my system app to turn it back on. 2) the landing page is cluttered...allow the user to streamline based on the frequent health measurements taken....BP, weight, ECG, etc. Too many clicks (touches) 4 readings
No longer connects via Bluetooth, says must enable location services. First off, why would it need that to function?? Second it is enabled and it still doesn't work. Yes, this is with latest update from dec 22.
Doesn't stay paired and when it is, says it can't detect my monitor sitting right next to it!
Requires location. Why? Turned on anyway in new phone and now refuses to record info.
Constantly having to uninstall and reinstall app due to Bluetooth connectivity issues. Says it's connected but will not transfer BP numbers. Says to push connect to device button, but there is none!! Really bad app!! And, no customer service support!!
No Google Fit connection. Will update review of fixed. Reached out to support and got the following: "I am very sorry for any inconvenience. This is a known issue with our app since it updated to 5.7.7. We are working to get this issue fixed as quickly as possibly. Please watch for an update to the app and try connecting after that."
The app user agreements are ridiculous. You data, Information and marketing Information Is required to create the account, not just the TOU. Only after you have given your Information are you able to begin using the product full functionality with an option to remove once it has been done. Unacceptable!!!! This is a medical device, shame.)
Cannot transfer records. Hard to connect via Bluetooth. When will it actually work?
Worst overeach ever. Requires signing up for mailing lists and location services! You don't need my location to check my blood pressure. Do not buy anything Omron!
Had to block bluetooth recognition on my phone from all surrounding devices in order for my Omron10 to sync syccessfully with the app on my SamsungS20. Now even though BP machine is synced with app, my readings still will not transfer!
Waste of time. The device might andomly decides to sync with the app or it just constantly errors during connections. From what I can tell on the forums the Google Play connection that immediately errors doesn't work and Omron thinks blaming Google will work.
Fire all your developers! Nothing works.
Buggy, Errors out when trying to connect to google fit.
Unable to buy premium option. Too bad
I have an S9 plus. It's not working to log any information.
Blue tooth want connect after last update I won't be buying omron ever again I think it's a shade company anyway why do they need my location for my bp
Does not work. Doesn't connect. Waste of time. If you want to pay for it im sure it might work then.
Not even the paid ekg review function works. What an utterly pathetic company, feels like a big scam.
The only reason I installed it was to connect with Google Fit. It claims to support it but will not connect.
Doesn't work
it forces you to give you personal data if you want to use it. I would give -5 stars.
Doesn't transfer data. BT pairs with my phone, connects, but then fails on data transfer with the phone app saying it can't find the device.
Won't sync terrible support. Bluetooth pairs then say it can't find device
This is horrible. It had way better connectivity than this year's ago
Absolutely worthless app. I don't even know if it works; the first thing it does is demand I create an account and/or log on. NO!
$200 for a flaky app, BP monitor product with no support. And you want me to subscribe monthly? Half the time, the phone and BP monitor do not sync. I have *never* succeeded in connecting to Google Fit. And when I have emailed for support, they respond once with a generic email and then don't follow up. They want $9.99/mo for ongoing monitoring of BP and EKG. Yet they can't respond to a simple email. I would not put my health (or life) in a company this flaky. Go with Withings instead!
Major privacy issue, the app should get access only to write information on the device and control the BT. Most likely infringement of HIPAA and PIPEDA! Uninstalled.
Terrible, having to agree to sell my soul for ap to install. Don't think so. I'm returning this garbage to Costco.
App won't pair with a supported galaxy s10 phone. Terrible instructions. Makes the unit not worth the money.
It's a shame for a big company like Omron to have such an app with poor UX design. It connects to the device, but after 100 tries, still I couldn't manage to transfer data to the app.
This app was written by a bunch of toddlers! It doesn't work! It had one job, to transfer and share measurements, but it fails spectacularly at it. So much for "Japanese technological excellence", huh?
Just bought Omron Model BP6350 and now it will not record my blood pressure on my phone. What happened.! Surely it is not outdated and won't work. I had just bought it!!!!
Not worth my time. Thanks anyway.
Open the box and it told me to download the app to my Android through Play Store. The app will not download just Scrolls like it is pending
Randomly leaves out data when creating .csv from app data, update disabled downgraded the already limited functionality, forces you to turn on location to be connect to bp monitor making it a pain to input readings. Fails to input readings on occasion. Forces you to create an account to even to even connect to monitor. Save your money on the expensive monitor, it isn't worth it without a free functioning app.
You dont need my info too invasave
Can't use the bp cuff without agreeing to let the app have access to my medical data. This thing is going back to Walmart TOMORROW.
Just the fact I need an account for a device that cost almost a $100 is disgusting! I will Not Create an account it is Not Necessary & a violation of my privacy. I'm sure there is a bunch of Sneaky legal 💩. That will result in Omron selling, renting, losing or abusing my health information! I should take unit back on these grounds alone!
Useless - refuses to transfer readings even after numerous repairings. My smartwatch can upload the readings but Omrons own app can't.
Too many disclaimers and permissions given to open an account. That, and my data is collected outside the United States is unacceptable.
Absolutely ridiculous that a big company like Omron cano not provide a reliable , working app for their product.
Love the Owlet sock and the old version of the app. However this version of the app has been 'connecting' for about a week. So I can't see any readings. Not great for a premium product. Please sort it out.
It's hard to put my frustration with this app into words! After spending $400 on these products (we have both the camera and the sock) I expect the app to work flawlessly. We have yet to have a night where this app doesn't fail in some way. Some of the most common issues we have are: app crashing altogher, audio will stop working, video stops working or freezes, camera won't stay connected, audio setting will change on its own, choppy audio. This list does not include any of the hardware issues!
May be one of the worst baby monitors I've ever had. Constantly disconnects and is only 5 feet away from wifi router. Great concept horrible execution.
The app freezes sometimes and won't show any footage and poor wifi camera connection
Ive lost trust in the owlet company! This cam is supposed to help give you peace of mind but, the app never works! the background noise never stays on, the app constantly logs out, camera is always frozen. the quality of the cam is great but, the app is horrible! also, there are no cam alerts only sock alerts. the sock only app works great but, the cam app has a long way to go! I've requested a refund from the company.
The developers do not seem interested in making the Android version of the app stable, functional, or work as intended. The history does not display correctly and connection drops constantly. Thankfully my wife has an iPhone and the app is amazing there. It's a shame because Owlet is an amazing product when it works.
Awful. We bought the owlet sock with the camera and so far it has been a horrible experience for the price point especially. First, the app wouldnt send me a confirmation email so I literally couldnt use the app until the next day when i spent 20 minutes on the phone with support. Then the camera wouldnt pair with the internet which was another call to customer support. Now the camera is super glitchy, disconnects all the time, everytime I open the app its a black and needs to be reopened
The app is extremely slow and makes it so that my wife cannot use her "Connected Care" app on her iphone. I started using this app in hopes that some of the features of the Connected Care app were included in it, but Owlet seems to treat Android users as second class.
App was great until the recent update. Now the smart sock readings and the camera will not work on my phone at all and kicks my husband out of his app every 5 seconds. We have tried restarting our phones, wifi, and uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Absolutely nothing works. So much for peace of mind, I can't see my baby at all.
Please join the class action lawsuit filed on this despicable company... stand up for your rights to receive a working product
Half the time the camera is disconnected or frozen and forces you to kill the app. Other half the camera won't connect to WiFi and you have to unplug and replug it back in. When you want to check up on the baby at night you have to pray it's able to refresh the image, it's faster to just walk to the baby's crib to check. If I could give this thing 0 stars and return it I would.
Can not pair with my phone. Waiting for 4 mins then it said error and go back to "ready to pair" mode. Blue and red light blinked then blue light blinked then blue light standed then red light standed means camera is streamed but not in use ... still can not see anything, no device connected. Tried so many time uninstalled the app then installed it again as adviced by support service staffs. Very supportive help service but issues can not be solved. Still on my wall and can not use.
Worst camera, we had it for over a year ended up buying the nanit and haven't had any problems with that. Would highly recommend NOT buying the owlet cam. The sock worked pretty well.
Owlet customer service is absolute trash. Order something from their website by accident and you will not be able to cancel it until it arrives at your door. Send it back and refund takes forever. E-mail them and they will also take forever to get back to you, if at all. Call them for help pairing your devices and the service rep will not know what they are talking about. They also will not stand by their product warranty unless it was purchased directly from their website.
Wish I could give 0 stars! I love the product but the new app does not work at all. It's great that now you can have more than 1 device but when you try to create 2 devices it loses one or both and you have to start over. After an hour I gave up, read reviews and discovered it's not user error it's the new app! Right now it's going off because my husband removed the sock, tried turning it off from my phone, nope app says the base station is off when clearly it is not. Absolute rubbish!
Do not buy this! After the last update you will loose the ability to use background sound, audio will stop randomly, and your video would freeze! Multiple times have I overslept because I couldn't hear my daughter screaming in the mornings. I would give it zero stars if I could!
With the new update, the app crashes every time it receives an alert. If I take the sock off my son, the base will go off indicating there is an issue with the sock placement, but my phone just tells me the app crashes..no tones or alerts. I also find when I open the app in the morning often times it will show me ad logged out or my son's picture and connected device has disappeared. I have to close the app then reopen it...every single day since the update. Worked perfectly before the update.
If you have not opened your owlet camera return the device. The camera is great, the app is butt. Freezes, black screen etc.
The app does not work with wifi, without wifi, at home, or any other location. Nothing is more infuriating than buying a $300+ camera that doesn't work when you need it to. Especially when you need it to be able to check on your baby, and especially as a first time mom. The $30 sound only monitor that we bought at Walmart has been more reliable. Side note, we never even used the sock because it needed charged frequently.
Says connecting but never connects. Never had this issue with the old app. No one from customer care seems to actually care to get this issue resolved either.
So many issues. App doesn't refresh data properly most of the time and I have to close and reopen the app. Way too many false alarms especially around sock placement or connections. Going to return it
This app is very unreliable on android devices. The app often does not load, will kick you out, or not allow you to login at all. when you are lucky enough to even login, it usually says "having difficulty getting reading" and tales a long time to get a reading.
Great idea, but the app has glitches for android phones and you can't read the graphs after 6pm until after midnight (you can still get a live reading though and it will still alarm). Also seems they've known about this for quite some time, but rather than fix it, they're just telling you that it will still alarm and just deal with the lack of other features. For the last 48 hours, I've had no recordings on my graph at all. I've emailed them, but no response so far.
App does not work. It never connects to the base station and is continuously searching for the base. This new app is garbage. We had the old app with our eldest child and never had any issues. I've never even seen my youngest child's stats with this app, because it never works. It's very frustrating. The base station is always disconnecting from the sock as well which causes the blue notification to go off constantly. This keeps us up more than our newborn! Please just go back to the old app!!
When you spend so much on a product you expect it to actually work
App has not been properly showing graph data or allowing me to scroll over to the current time. Seems to be delayed by a few hours.
The worst app. If I could give it a 0 I would. It's CONSTANTLY not working, not connecting, etc. The base is good, but it's nice to be able to actually use the app to verify everything is good before going to bed. 90% of the time the app doesn't load and just says connecting. Annoying .
Awful!!! For the amount of money this system costs it should work much better. The app doesn't open half of the time. When it does open it only connects about half of the time and lately everything is disconnecting from wifi and won't reconnect. Which it's incredibly difficult to get hooked up in the first place. Great peace of mind and product when it works but it's quickly becoming a waste of money!!!!!
I love the device but the app needs A LOT of work
App needs work. Products work fine but the camera sometimes doesn't connect to wifi in the app. Even though its literally right above the access point. When you remove the sock the yellow notification goes off amd doesn't stop. Even though notifications are turned off on my phone for the Owlet app. It was also impossible to set up the base station on my Samsung phone. I had to use my wife's iPhone.
Will not connect to camera!
Want peace of mind? DONT GET THIS PRODUCT! So mad that I spent the money on the sock AND the camera. Just today, I have had to Uninstall the app TWICE because the video feed won't work! This has happened consistently over the last five months. Or the camera freezes which makes it look like my baby is fast asleep when really she's crying and I can't hear her (hence why I wanted a damn camera!). I can't ever rely on this product and therefore I never get a good night sleep. Save your money!!!
Can't connect and when it does it malfunctions and sets off loud music.
New app.is worst than the first one! The app.cant identify my owlet or my wifi!!! Need this fixed ASAP!!!
Super unhappy with the video,i have 5g wifi and the fastest internet you can buy and 2 separate wifis too connect too,hardly ever connects to camera and freezes,i lost the temperature in the room after last update as well. Not for nothing but for the amount of money this thing cost in some peace of mind worth all the aggravation, when you start thinking like this its probably time to move on from this product. All the money and you guys at owlet try to tell people that its there wifi connection!
Save the money. The camera frequently won't connect, as well as the audio not working properly. After multiple calls, and online chats an Owlet employee informed me that it may be my phones operating system. I own both IOS and Android devices. Based on consistency of product alone I suggest shopping elsewhere. This product is TRASH 99.99% unreliable.
I know I didnt just spend $300 to have this not work cause YOUR app sucks. The app hasn't worked right since I bought this product and because of that the product is useless. My son has been sick and this is the only peace of mind I've had at night and now it's gone. Fix this app immediately or I want a refund cause right now I've wasted $300 bucks on this!
The app won't even open on my phone so $300 gadget that I can't even use. Completely pointless. FIX IT! 10/7/2019 update Chat told me they were working on android device fixes and to try again in 30 minutes after uninstalling and reinstalling the app. It allowed me to create an email account but began crashing again as soon as it went to the screen to set things up. It's now been 2 days since I've created the email account and the latest crashing bug is still not fixed.
Updated and nothing but lagging and freezing
Camera constantly loses wifi connection and have to go through pairing steps, and it's not my router I have a Mesh network setup with plenty of bandwidth. This happens of course while we're trying to put the baby to sleep, or while he's sleeping so perfect timing... I don't suggest this camera monitoring at all, there are simple cheap wifi enabled cameras that work 100% better than this one.
App is terrible, camera constantly "disconnects" - have highest wifi connect, baby is in room next to me. Screen is often frozen or black. Paid too much for this whole system for it to be trash. Work on the app. 2/1/21 Update: Still as terrible as before.
Couldn't be worse. Spend $300 on this piece of garbage and it is not even compatible with 56% of the phones in the world. Hopefully people will read this review before going through the hassle of returning this piece of garbage days after having a baby. I have so much free time to do that.
DANGEROUS - app freezes and doesn't update. I can't think of a more dangerous bug for a baby monitor than to freeze on a pic and not tell you if it's updating. Our baby wrapped a blanket around his face but the pic on the monitor looked like he was sleeping safely. Save your money. Looking at a picture in your wallet would be about as effective as this piece of junk. This does not bring peace of mind.
Completely useless as it doesn't support the 5G network. Was a great camera on 4G but unfortunately completely useless to me now. When will 5G be supported?
Loved the old app, even without being able to view history. At least I could open the app and see current readings. Constantly getting connectivity issues and app takes FOREVER to load and when it does it says I'm disconnected....please fix because I'm losing sleep waiting for it to work!
Cant use this app what so ever. It says connecting and that's it nothing ever happens. Which is really sad. Never had this problem before the update.
Just does not work. Similar to alot of the other reviews, have been forced to use new app which does not function at all. Its disgraceful that a company would roll this out as is, given the levels of anxiety that it can cause parents. With the old app it would sometimes show that there was too much motion (even though baby was still and sleeping) for it to read, Without the app I am just supposed to assume that it is reading her heart rate and everything is ok. Might as well not have it!
App keeps crashing or won't connect to camera. Have contacted support but they were no help.
Used to be able to connect to base station, since January I have not been able to connect. It is April now and I still cant connect. Terrible support.
No historical data. Cant tell if always running or just when app open...
Would give a 0 star if possible. I never leave reviews on anything and I'm leaving a review on this because it is so aggravating. If live feed is left on for an extended amount of time will freeze and need a hard reset. If I leave the app and reopen will need a hard reset because its frozen. Thats if it actually works to begin with. Most times it takes 5 attempts plus a phone restart to get the feed connected through the wifi. The online help forums are completely useless. Not recommended at all
Awful app. Constantly have to restart the app after exit so it will sign into my account. Inconsistent when the audio works. For the amount of money the sock and cam cost, you'd think Owlet would invest more in the app. No notifications on the app is a real bummer too.
App sucks but owlet sock is great
App is absolutely useless now. After the last update it takes forever to connect despite having good connection quality and freezes when it does finally work. Constantly cutting in and out.
The Owlet device and their Owlet app are in a challenging position; For parents with young babies the utility of this device is paramount, failure at any point isn't acceptable. The video will load one moment and then not the next for reasons unknown. All other devices on our home network keep working just fine, but the Owlet just gets "stuck", and force closing the app and relaunching doesn't resolve either. OK when it works, terrible and useless when it doesn't.
Goes off constantly with false alarms. Had to shut off all the securities to just get some sleep. Wakes my child up for no reason. Gives me anxiety. App takes forever to connect to the base station so I can't see her readings and the camera can't seem to work half the time either. Worst ever. Would never ever buy again.
I wish I had listened to all the reviews of this camera. It is horrible, video lags, sound in the app doesnt work, it's slow and choppy. Dont waste your money until their devs can get a workable product out.
Product costs way too much to have to uninstall the old app, install a new one, and now it wants even more personal information... By the time I found out that it was no longer working, my baby was asleep, now they want me to do a full reset? Absolutely infuriating... Massive buyer's remorse
Used to love this app. Now since update can rarely see or hear ny baby through. Very upsetting.
You're better off letting Lassie tell you when Timmy falls out of the crib.
App is awful. Setting up the base station took hours because the app wouldn't work and the base disconnects from wifi every 2-3 days and takes forever to fix, and now I rarely get to see live stats for my baby because the app is always trying to connect to the base station or searching.
The app is useless. Just continues saying "app searching for base station."
Terrible. Never loads correctly. Constantly crashing. Can't ever access the camera!
Probably the most non-user friendly app/device I've ever had the displeasure of using
this new app is a piece of junk. the new app doesn't connect to the smart sock yet the old app works fine.
I like the product, but the app is iffy at best. It doesn't always load and the camera disconnects everytime I open another app or my screen times out. You have to close the app and reopen it to reload the live cam feed.
We cannot login on any of the 3 apps they have, have called customer service twice now. All apps force close and they don't disclose on their website that this product will not work with any tablet. Very disappointed with this product, seems to not be as technologically advanced as they claim. Hopefully the refund policy is better than their product.
Crashes constantly.
Everytime the app goes to background I have to force close it and reopen or the video won't load.
I loved our camera at first but now the app is constantly crashing and won't display the video feed. For the amount of money spent on this product it was not worth it considering I can't hear or see my baby with it!
This app hasn't worked since we bought it. The camera itself is great - very clear, picks up sounds perfectly - but the app only works about 10% of the time. I have to restart my phone, uninstall and reinstall the app, and then it still won't connect, so I have to go back into the nursery where my baby is sleeping to unplug the owlet, and then it still only connects some of the time. Definitely wish we would've bought another monitor and will probably end up doing so.
For the amount of money you spend on this product its horrible. Always saying disconnection even when feeding or the app just dont work half the time. I am constantly having to unplug and plug it back in. False readings all the time. Please fix this.
This new app is HORRIBLE! I never had any issues whatsoever with the old version. I've had this one for a few days and it continuously takes me to "get started", "add child", or "add device", when I've already done so! After I add my child yet again, THEN it shows me the previous profiles that I had already made. So frustrating! Yes, the new features would be helpful if they actually worked!
the app doesn't stay connected to the smart sock. the old app worked better than this one. the old interface was easier to use as well.
I bought it 7 months ago. If I could, I would return it. Even setting it up jas been a pain.
Not really functional as a monitor, since the audio video feed drops after 5 or 10 mins. Support will tell you this is due to poor network, but as a software engineer of 10 years, I can say this is bs. I have expensive high bandwidth, low latency broadband and wifi (including upload). Owlet simply has poorly written software. We have various HD Fire sticks, laptops, phones, tablets, all handle AV with virtually no issues. HD video conferencing is fine. Only the Owlet is consistently flaky.
No more real time updates
I have an Owlet camera along with the app on my Android phone. Connecting to the camera worked about 60% of the time, and if it didn't, I'd have to force close the app and reopen until it did. But as of October 8th or so, I'e been totally unable to use the camera. I've tried all the troubleshooting steps, reinstalling the camera and app, and I cant even connect to it. Customer service is trying to help, but I'm very unsatisfied with Owlet. Look into a different company for a baby camera.
This is the only app on my Samsung Galaxy S10+ that seems to have trouble finding their respective devices via Wi-Fi. When the sock and base are connected to the same Wi-Fi, the app says it cannot find any devices. My wife's latest verified of the iPhone connected via the Apple store version of the same app. Probably just needs some development work but, we'll be returning this system if it's not cured soon.
History view does not work at all and customer service is not helpful.
I used to like this app, but it's now been HOURS and they're still reporting that servers are down & the app isn't connecting to the base. Completely unacceptable that it's been down this long in the middle of the night when people need it most, and not a single status update from the company!
Glitchy, camera intermittently disconnects(audio and video) tech support is some of the worst I've ever encountered. My ISP is flawless and amazing. Not a connection issue on my end. 3 months in...4 calls & 4 email chains later I still have a product that owlet cant tell me how to make work. Never have they followed up (as promised) with a solution. Great idea, poorly executed
Camera freezes after some time of being opened. The audio also cuts in and out. I always have to restart the app a couple times during the night.
Great product when it works. Often has connectivity issues with both the sock and the camera. The camera is easily resolved by unplugging it and plugging it back in. However that defeats the purpose of having a camera if I have to enter the room. I have not found a solution to the sock issue. It seems to randomly reconnect on it's own. Edit: Seems to be getting worse with no fix in sight.
This app can't do two parents. Both of us log in on the same account but the devices and data are only visible to one of us. Support has been nonexistent - first try no answer, second try useless answer and then no response. Oh and now I can't log out either... It's buggy. Nanit works fine.
they released a broken app 😞
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY! This has got to be the most frustrating, inconsistent, piece of garbage. $500 for a camera thats video and audio cut out constantly without warning. I wish I would have never heard of Owlet and I could get my money back. What a joke.
This last several months this app has been trash, it doesn't load most of the time and the audio and video are beyond choppy. Buy a different camera/product. Edit: I've replaced the wireless router, purchased a new tablet and repositioned the camera for better signal. The app was recently updated to improve stability. The reliability of this app and the camera is pathetic. It constantly is not working and then randomly starts working for no reason. DO NOT BUY THIS TRASH.
So tired of the app searching for base station error and tired of having to restart everything. Also the history graph still doesnt work correctly and the last 2 nights has told me there is no data available and use sock to collect data but he was wearing the sock both nights. This is insane for the amount of money you spend on this thing.
Worked great until the update. Now I can no longer set it up so it is useless. Just go back to the previous app already. No one likes the new one.
If I wanted to hear the mockingbird song over and over, I'd just make a playlist on Spotify. Garbage app, garbage hardware, garbage support, garbage price. Avoid at all costs.
Never even connects. What a waste.
App sucks. It was workng fine for 2 months for me. I used it this morning to shut the base down. Try to get on it tonight and it won't stay open. Have uninstalled and reinstalled 3x now with no luck. Can't get on it at all. You'd think for the money they charge for these things they could get a decent app support team and keep it running. Somebody is dropping the ball, per say. Owlet, fix it already 🙄🙄🙄
App refuses to connect to the base station even though the base station is on wifi (both lights on the bottom are on). Sometimes I can force kill the app and get it to start connecting and reading the data from the sock... But only rarely in this latest update. Previous version of the app had other issues but not with connecting. For an expensive device, it has awful performance.
If I could put 0 stars I would. NEVER works! Cant see statuses. Cant see levels. Cant see sock battery. Awful app. Paid WAY TOO MUCH for this product not to work.
new app is slow and has lots of bugs, tried for hours to connect owlet cam to sock. customer service was not helpful.. was told it would not be compatible with 3 separate new routers becuase of wireless N
This is seriously ridiculous. I have a newborn baby and all this app does is connect and read for an hour and then say "app searching for base" constantly. I have read through these reviews and seen the same problem and followed the representatives advice. I unplug for a few mins replug and it works for 1 or 2 more hours and repeat. This product is too expensive for these kinds of issues!! Its a complet fail on the peace of mind promised! FIX IT PLEASE!!-they updated the app-no change
My experience was not good nothing but problems lots of connection issues and no sound definitely wasn't worth 400 dollars.i really wish I could get my money back
New app doesn't pair anymore
Constantly having connection issues. Alarm is very delayed between our two phones one will wake baby up and then 20 mins later after we calm baby the other phone finally goes off. Often time we go into the app to turn alarm notifications off and it freezes and just continues going. Love that we can watch how LO is doing but hate that the app is always waking him and us due to connection. Constantly wake up in a panic.
Great when it works,which is 5% of the time and 95% of the time I've spent reconnecting, reinstalling or replacing the socks/base/camera/all of the above.. I'm tired of calling support because out of the 5 times I call, one would be able to help me by just sending a replacement. Then I would go through the same process again. So tired of this app. I bought this when my baby was 4 month old and he is 1 year old now I've given this product so many chances. Waste of money and time.
Graphs always have problems, sometimes the time at the top doesn't match the time in the chart, other times it doesn't let you scroll until the current time but it's stuck a few hours earlier, other times the data doesn't update for 3-4 hours, tried to do a whole reset which didn't help too..
Piece of garbage!!! Does not work on the android phone. It has never connected to my base station, although when I go to history it says all of my baby's stats...I just cannot see them live. I know it is working because of that but never shows live readings. I wish the old owlet app worked but that one consistently crashes. This app has alao crashed on me a few times.
Quick, if you have the Owlet but didnt open it, RETURN ASAP! If I could give this APP zero stars I would. While its a cool piece of technology, the APP, the place where we look to see if baby is okay, is always frozen. We have had it for 5 months and it just sits there. I try using the app a few times a week in hopes that an update will fix the issues, but no, it takes forever to open, has a 5 second delay, and always freezes. For the price I can't believe I'm just stuck with it.
Horrible app-- like many others have said, the app only works about 20% of the time. I have to restart my phone every time i want to get the app to stop "searching for signal." This is such a horrible app for such an expensive product. I wish I could return it all and get something else.
App never works! Combines my son's night sleep with daytime naps all the time. Doesn't start recording a sleep session for at least 30 minutes. Currently it hasn't updated in 4 hours! For how much money this thing is it should work SO much better. I have called about the issues and all they say is that they are aware of the issues with the app and are working to fix them.... How long is that going to take? Great concept for peace of mind as my son has health issues but the app needs to work!
We've been trying to use the app for less than a week now, and it has yet to be successful for us. We received an email about an app server outage being resolved and it indicated there was an app update, but only for Apple, nothing for Android. It's hard to have faith that the smart socks themselves are working when we cannot access the data through the app...
This app is terrible half the time it is either frozen or it won't come on at all.
doesnt work. complete rip off. spent over 400 bucks for a faulty product that endangers my childs safety.
Honestly owlet cam isn't worth the money. 2 yrs I've had it (even been replaced 1x) and its been mostly issues. Constant buffering, camera freezing, app force closing. It's a pain in the butt having to ALWAYS mess with it for 20+ minutes atleast 3x a week in order to get it to work and half the time it never ends up connecting. Really disappointed.
I used to love this app and product, but lately the sock has been disconnecting at all hours of the night for no apparent reason and you cannot view sleep data until hours later. I used to be able to view my child's sleep data while they were sleeping with only a 10-15 minute delay.
Constant connection issues. Screen freezes through the night, showing kids asleep in bed but really they're up and about.
This app turns $600 worth of hardware into a $600 set of paper weights. Login and setup is brutally buggy. Camera audio is practically non-existent and volumes/settings may as well not exist as they are not functional. No notifications... no recording ability... two way audio is also broken to the point of being useless (the speaker is quieter than mouse farts). All said the only thing that actually works as promised is image quality - of course you can't usually login to see it... so, meh.
Camera never connects to wifi so frustrating to not be able to see baby! Fix your software!
Hate it!!! And I know that's a strong word! This app sucks! 3 times out of 10 have we actually received footage, the rest of the time it constantly loading. I'm glad we didn't but it and it was a gift because I surely would be returning it. This was the more expensive one we got and I would tell everybody not to buy it because it's either camera that sucks or this application! Also doesn't give you notifications! What the hell is that about. As a busy mom I ain't got time checking it every 5 min
Spend more time chatting with tech support than monitoring my child. A new issue every week.
App will not recognize the device. Can't use it at all.
The history on this app does not work.
This app is garbage. We are new to Owlet Socks and this app, it worked and synced for only a couple of nights but now we have constant connectivity issues. Base stations are on and blinking suggesting they are connected to the sock yet I cannot retrieve any data for both my daughter's. Tonight I am receiving data for just one daughter. We spent around $850 for two Owlet Socks and to say I am beyond disappointed and furious is an understatement. This is supposed to give us peace of mind...!!!
Worst app and investment ever. More then half the time I'm fighting with the app to get to work and when it does it cuts in and out often. Thia device is supposed to give me a peace of mind for my baby when he is sleeping g but I'm more stressed wondering if the app and device is actually working or if I'm just staring at the same image that hasn't refreshed yet. Not worth it. Wish I would have know before wasting a ton of money.
Bought for our first baby. Consistent problems with the app. Says app connecting to base station. Resetting it multiple times a day to get it to work. In addition, the sock says our daughter wakes up 7-10 times a night, we looked on our Arlo camera and she never woke up more than 2 times. She moves alot her in sleep, which I'm thinking the sock counts. The only reason why we are keeping this is because it tracks heart rate and oxygen, other than that I wouldn't purchase again.
I'm honestly so sick of this app. Idk if it's an Owlet issue or if the app is separate, but it's starting to look like a waste of money. I use this app and monitor nightly as I'm a very paranoid mom in a not so great part of town; if I leave the app open (in the background) and come back 5 minutes later, it has already become frozen. When I refresh, I just get a black screen and I have to force close and reopen. It's getting SO annoying and not worth the $100+ I spent on this camera.
Why replace something that worked perfectly fine with a piece of garbage that doesn't? I was forced to switch to this new app which all it does is says "connecting". The app developers should all get fired as well as all the owlet executives that decided too force people to switch to something that doesn't work
I've been using the base station and app for 7 months. It doesn't connect to base station well. When it does, it takes a very long time. The app doesn't record history consistently. Notifications of base station alerts are delayed and inconsistent. Displays incorrect base station status information (Wifi disconnected from base station while base station wifi light is on). Usually says the app is searching for the base station, even when sitting next to it. Especially bad since the last update.
The app is broken plain and simple. 90% of the time app is searching for the base station and the history section is not working properly.
Does not connect to base station
Terrible app! Nothing works. Needed to add an additional network to base station for my house (Grandma) yet there is no "setting" option on the app (from website: "To add a new WiFi network to your base station's memory without deleting a previously set up WiFi network, plug the base station in at the new location and then enter the mobile application. In the app, go to Settings>Account>Add WiFi")--only "change wifi" under Account, which is NOT under "settings" and doesn't work. Needless to say, there is no way to add additional wifi to base. Tried to call number on website. Was on hold for over 15 minutes. Finally hung up.
This app has to be constantly uninstalled and reinstalled. It is very unreliable. The times are inaccurate (saying my baby slept during the day even though she went to bed at 8pm) It also stops working frequently and states "app searching for base station" even though there are no wifi connectivity issues. I really wish they would fix these problems because the sock itself is fantastic, we have been using the smart sock for 13 months now.
Love the Owlet itself, but I'm having problems with the app. I downloaded the new one as instructed, and it says you have to create a new account using the same email. So, I did, but then it gives me an error saying email is already in use. Well, yeah, it is, but the app is telling me to create the new account with my exact email the old app used?? I'm stuck.
Horrible app and camera - overpriced - do not buy this product. Return it if you get it from someone. You're paying for piece of mind and this product does the opposite. Sock comes off and scares you. Camera doesn't connect. How the hell do they get away with charging $350-400 / Pop for this garbage. Fix it and I'll adjust my review
I've had the owlet smart sock for 5 months now and the sock itself works fine however, the app WILL NOT connect the base station to my phone. I've called customer support probably half a dozen times and each time they tell me it should be fixed and work with the next app update..5 months and numerous updates later I still cannot connect the sock through the app to my phone. I need owlet to do better. I would LOVE to use the app, please find an actual fix for this issue.
Camera loses connection often. Our google nest has connection the entire time, so it's not our internet. I'm so frustrated that we paid so much for a product that rarely works. As if being a new parent isn't difficult enough. I'd recommend buying any other baby monitor.
Can't open app. After spending 300$ for peace of mind I am infuriated. The sock battery has been losing charge which I expect after 10 months but not being able to open the app to check its status is ridiculous
Inconsistent and unreliable. Not worth purchasing at all. Camera feed and audio always stops working properly. It cannot hold the wifi signal. Just not worth a single dime of anyone's money.
Terrible product and app alike. 0 stars. Find something else.
Constant connection dropouts with the sock and camera. Instead of relieving our anxiety, it's exacerbated it. We were constantly woken up and rushing over to our baby during the night due to the alarm going off. When you're at work, you can't turn off the alarm that comes from the Owlet app on the phone. Someone has to turn off base station.
Extremely unreliable. Constantly "searching for base" or "connecting to base". The old app seemed to work much better but now that is no longer an option. Complete garbage. I'd give it 0 stars if I could.
An update rendered this app/camera completely useless. It no longer makes audible notifications when your phone is on vibrate, even if you go to the phone notification settings and make all the Owlet notifications urgent. (So in order to be alerted on sound/motion I need my phone ringtone volume turned on, which means an audible alarm for every app notification on my phone.) Whether or not the video will connect when logging in is a total crapshoot. Complete waste of money at this point.
This app is junk. The Owlet is junk. I've had to Uninstall & reinstall it, I've had to disconnect & reconnect the base & sock more than once to make it work & we have only been using the sock 5 days. For how much we paid for this it should work flawless but its been nothing but issues. It doesn't save history, the sock will randomly say her beat is around 50 bpm, When its obviously not. What a waste of money.
For the price of the products and the money I have now spent on both the sock and the camera I would expect the app to work better. The camera is currently sat in a box in the cupboard because it is too unreliable to use. Instead we are using a £15 plug in monitor and it's 100% reliable. The app constantly disconnects, takes forever to get a reading, shows baby is wiggling when he's still, has random connectivity issues. Camera constantly cuts out or delayed.
This app is trash. Old accounts aren't compatible and it crashed on the very first sign in attempt. Owlet, get a clue and do better. Update: app continues to crash for no apparent reason and the back button doesn't exit the app. Who designed this app???
Hate the update. It never loads
Unable to connect camera to app. The lack of response from the company in regards to all the conplainta about this app is very telling.
Constantly crashes...adds to anxiety.
Frustrating, stressful, would not recommend to worried parents. The sock rarely gives me a reading when I try it on android. Works better with the iPhone app. Just started disconnecting constantly after I switched to the new app. Unusable at the moment. Update: 11/01/2019 Same issues as above. The new interface seems nice. Still just shows "connecting" and never connects. I can see that it is sending status updates because they show in the history. I also get notifications... Please fix!
There has not been one single week where I've had consistency with this app. Constant connectivity issues. Apparently you need to have your WiFi align with the autumnal full moon with mercury in retrograde for the app to connect to the sock or camera. The sock stopped charging and it's not worth the money to replace since it only works 1/2 the time anyway. I'm back to using my basic, app-less monitor, because with only the camera the app still is crashing non stop. Or audio/visual freezes.
Would be great if it worked appropriately. The sock and base won't connect to the app unless you remove the sock all together and reinstall the device as new... every time you open the app! Customer service said they were already aware of the issue and there is no fix for this?!?! That was over a month ago. Get your act together Owlet! Hundreds of dollars for a product that does not work as advertised with poor customer support is not okay.
I love my sock and base station, but this app is just the worst. Its constantly "searching for the base station". I have to unplug my base at least once or twice a night for the app to pick it up, and after all that it doesn't stay connected all that long anyway. It goes back to searching. Too bad. Since the sock system is kind of pricey, you'd think they'd have a better app to support.
Just terrible. We have the newer sock without the camera. I can't get a reading on Android. Notifications are not accurate. I want the old app back. I don't feel safe anymore. I have two sets of socks for my twins. Now I am losing some much valuable sleep. Just awful!
Edit: Now the sock doesnt stay connected to the app. i have to manually reconnect the sock to the app EVERY DAY to get readings. what the hell. find some people who can actually create an app. crashes, freezing, doesnt connect. Oh, and then you put out a "new" app that makes me REDO EVERYTHING. Resetup the base station...resetup an account...resetup a childs profile...all for what? The app is still absolute garbage.
absolute garbage.
Always disconnected and it's right next to the router really wish they would fix this app and the connection issues. Not a very good baby monitor if I cant monitor the baby.
What is the deal with me having to unplug my base station every nighf to get the app to get readings? And I'm only getting the first few hours graphs. Fix it! But i love the aock, the app is just spotty at best at working.
No history.
App keeps crashing
I don't know if it's the app or the product, but I wish I could get my money back. The camera always loses connection, despite other devices in my son's room having full signal. The same issues with the sock. It randomly disconnects from the base station, despite there only being one wall between them, and maybe 4 feet total distance. The app can never read his vitals, and says that he's wiggling, despite the fact that I am standing next to him to see that he's perfectly still.
The connectivity on this thing is utter trash. I've never seen something work so poorly, and the trouble shooting tips are somehow worse.
Terrible...since the update of app, I couldn't connect the Base with the phone.... how to fix it?
There is always something goong wrong with this app. Currently its not findthe base so I cant view the heart rate or O2 and O can never voew the milestones anymore.
Wifi on the camera does not access the home network well. I had to install a booster closer to the camera so that it picks up a stronger signal. All other devices in the room all have excellent connections but not the owlet camera. Also if you leave the app and reopen the camera or the app, most likely the app freezes. So you have to shut the app down and reopen it before the video will load. Temp does not display consistently also. Tested on Both Android and iOS devices, same experience.
Its constantly connecting to base. Such an expensive product but the app is so bad. Sock works with the base on it's on but not connecting to the app at all. I would like to see my sons oxygen and heartrate for peace of mind and I cant even do that since it never connects on mine or my husband's phone. Update. Still sucks. Another update. App still sucks
The the picture from the camera is good.... when it works. I'm currently having to either reconnect or completely restart the camera muliple times a day, which involves going into the babies room and holding a button on the back of the camera. The camera loudly says "ready to connect" before chiming loudly. The latest update seems to have made everything worse.
This app is worthless when the app is searching for the base station 95% of the time! For the amount of money that this device cost I would think we could have a more reliable product to use! I'm glad I don't have the camera that has these problems also, because I would be very upset if I didn't have a reliable monitor that I spent so much money on!
Works worse than the last app :( I thought this was FINALLY connected care for android. And it does do history of how baby slept and graphs....but now the real time information doesn't work. It doesn't ever connect so you can't turn on the base station from your phone or see current stats. Customer service is a joke. How to fix this problem? Turn the base station off then on, uninstall the app and try installing again. If those don't work it's probably just a server issue, be fixed soon...
Overall happy with the idea of the product. The problem is the exucution. it doesn't send notifications to the phone. So you must be next to the base otherwise you won't be alerted. Completely useless like this.
Sometimes it works sometimes it doesnt. I cant check my past sleep because the time doesnt sync up
I had an account for my sone and ised it almost everynight. Now i was prompted to update and can not log in I tried to reset my password but never got a verification code. But I still get advertising emails. I have to make a new account because my old one vanished that had all of my son's information on it. I do not recommend. Now if you asked me before the update and my account disappering I would of given it 5 stars.
This app is just ridiculously unreliable. For the cost of this camera compared to some cheap off brand that we bought for our inlaws, this app is considerably a lot worse. It's a shame that a premium product like this has such a bad user experience. Owlet I will not recommend your camera because of the issues with the app.
Forced to install new app and now I can't see live readings.
This update has caused nothing but problems when the camera. It constantly loses connection to WIFI. Makes me so mad be cause I love the camera and sock and really don't want to move to another system :(
Camera almost never works and support is worthless
This new app sucks! It doesn't connect to the base. It keeps just saying connecting... Nothing else. This is a very expensive product to not have an excellent application that works with. I will NOT recommend this product because of this application sucks. Please restore this ASAP.
Both the owlet software and hardware glitch regularly. We have both the sock and the cam. We stopped using the sock after 4-5 months because it regularly disconnected from the base station and irritated our daughter's foot. The cam works maybe 5-6 days a week, then disappears for a day or two before inexplicably returning to service. Hope you have better luck with these products than me.
App never connnects to base station regardless of whether you use Wi-Fi or 4g.. I've tried resetting the router, exiting and entering the app, turning off and on the phone, moving the phone closer to the base station (it's only 4 meters away). The app gives innacurate readings. It says my baby's low is around 73BPM at night. I think it's before he enters a deep sleep. I have taken him to see numerous doctors, they all check his heart and say its normal and say the sock is not accurate.
If your WiFi is only fair, the app and camera can freeze, which is unreliable and frustrating. Customer service process to return was disappointing as well. Instructions weren't clear at first and you have to pay shipping ($17).
Still not working it's a shame spent all this money on something to give me peace of mind while my child sleeps only had it a few days and nothing but issues. I will be returning this item for a full refund of my money and by something worthy. Thanks but no thanks!
If you switch to another app the Owlet app must be completely closed and reopened to get the camera feed to work again. Very much a bummer since that's this apps primary function. Also, lately, the app does not ring out music when it detects motion or sound like it used to. I cant figure out why this is. Definetly work that needs to happen on this product. Update: Camera and app frequently stop working and customer service was unable to troubleshoot issues and stopped responding to me.
I cannot even get the app to open past the login on my Verizon Galaxy tablet. I dont have a cellphone so how exactly do I use this product now? Paper weight? At least I have a really long charger 🤬 I will update when you people get this under control. It is absurd you released the product without a functional app.
The app constantly loses connection with my owlet sock.
I revise my previous review. If I could give 0 stars for this app at this point, I would. The old Owlet app NO LONGER WORKS; therefore, it is impossible to actually monitor O2 or pulse via your smartphone. The actual sock and base still work fine, so I would rate the physical product well. But this app is garbage. I would have thought that the developers would have fixed these issues as people began leaving such negative reviews; however, there has not been an update or info since June.
I could not set up device and connect base to router or base to phone. I could not contact customer chat. This product has way too many problems and negative reviews for it's price point. Will be returning product.
If you have bought the owlet set, return it if it's not too late. The app fails to connect often and fails to display up to date information. Useless. A $15 amazon cam does better work. Go there.
Please fix the the app. It use to work but the last month or 2 it won't even connect to the base. so, I can't even see my LOs readings. For as expensive as this product is, I expect it it to work .
This app should be on r/softwaregore
Trash app. The old one still works for me for now, but the new one can't find my smart sock when it's plugged into the base station a foot away. Disappointing.
I can't even see my son's vitals on this new app and it won't let me do anything at all on the old app. Half the time the camera isn't working. I go to check on him through the camera and it says it's disconnected from the wifi. Which is odd when everything else in the house is working fine on the wifi? How am I supposed to check on my son when the app doesn't work right?
Have had so many issues with this. Even though it was $300! I don't even know if it's worth the cost anymore because it doesn't seem to work right ever. The Base never can stay connected to the app. Or it always shows the baby wiggling. I have even had a few false alarms.
serious connectivity flaws make this a dangerous / deadly app to rely on. supposedly the hardware base is more reliable, and i hope so, because the app is, quite frankly, trash
I have been having problems with the app not loading and just sitting on the logo screen. I'd have to restart my.phone to get it to work. So I tried uninstalling then reinstalling. Now I can't reinstall the app. So I'm glad I can keep an eye on my child.
The app doesn't work for Android...why make it if you're not going to support it?
Great product when it works..I spend so much time restarting, unplugging logging in and out it's frustrating. Glad it was a gift and I didn't spend the $$$ on it. Wish tech dept could do something with the product working with 5G. I get error codes and share with support and they don't really help..they advise to unplug, restart, logout or make sure screen lock isn't on. I really want to give a better review but as a FTM/FTP you want something reliable to monitor your baby.
Update: the video has a less than 50% chance to ever connect. This app is back to worthless. The app started out shakey but seems to have stabilized. The biggest issue i have right now is that the historical graphs are pretty useless on Android. The timezones don't match up with the graph at all, but on my wife's phone they work fine. please fix.
Does not connect with base and app! Always having to turn off then back on to connect! Base now is always pulsing like its reading or she is moving when she is asleep. Going back to old app to make sure my baby is safe! very unhappy with update!
Horrible
If there were no stars that's what I would put. This is worst device ever! My baby would end up dead if I kept this 200 dollar piece of garbage. Owlet is a disgrace of a company I hope they go under!
Is there a fix coming for the issues the latest update has caused? Since the last update the camera freezes, the app crashes, the app opens as if there is no account linked. With how much the camera and sock cost there should be zero issues. This is ridiculous.
Babies profile just dissapeared in the middle of the night. How can I trust this product to keep my baby safe?
Worst Application Ever. Constantly crashing and freezing. Unable to contact servers, contact video webcam or base station. Not worth the money.
Could not even install. It gets up to 76% of installing and then it stays like that forever.
This app is a JOKE. If you have problems with it, which you will, they will ask you to uninstall, reinstall blah blah. You end up spending hours doing what they ask, waiting for "updates" and nothing ever works. I love the idea of the Owlet, but this app has not functioned properly, not ONCE, in 7 months of using it. Everytime I look to check on baby it says connecting but never actually loads. I have to go out of app and go back in EVERY SINGLE TIME to get my reading. SO FRUSTRATING every night.
Great app when it works, which is seldom. More often than not it is searching for a signal, we have gone through all of the troubleshooting steps provided by owlet and nothing helps. Such a disappointment.
App cuts in and out or won't run very dissapointed waste of over 1000 (we have more than one camera) ever since up date won't work on Samsung note 9 or on ipad
Constantly fails to connect, and disconnects randomly in the middle of the night. Not a sufficient replacement for a real baby monitor.
Never connects struggles with most things terrible worst £300 ever spent
Unreliable. Purchase a proper baby monitor and camera set, dont mess around with trying to pair the camera and failing constantly.
Connection issue with cam going all Google products and cams. Glad someone else gifted it to us... bye bye
App constantly crashes, camera shows wrong temperature and can't zoom camera are the reasons why I returned my Owlet Cam. Funny on their website reviews were disabled and only the 5 stars remain. What a shady company knowingly selling faulty products for babies. I would return my sock too if it wasn't over the 45 days.
the app never works.
Does not work consistently
Editing my original review. Camera barely works through the night, sounds cuts in and out constantly and then camera feed disconnects and won't reconnect unless I unplug and plug back in the camera. Im not sure if it was an update a few months back or what, but this is a waste of money. So frustrated with this app/system.
Utter garbage. Can't believe this product is this bad compared to what we payed for it. Constant problems. Avoid this at all costs
Awful, buggy app
The sock gets 5 stars, it works flawlessly. The camera would get 0 if it was available. For what it costs, it's not worth the money and the app never works with the camera. It freezes, gives a black screen, or just doesnt show up at all. It says its disconnected or weak wifi- and we have it next to the access point. We can see its connected to the network... it just doesnt work!
The application does not reliably connect to the base which means repeated exiting and restarting the app to look at babys vitals. If it worked consistently it would be 5 stars. I paid a lot of money for something that doesn't work.
The app won't connect to the base station so we have to reset it every night. We get constant sock placement errors, regardless of how well we put the sock on. Would be great if it actually worked. Wouldn't recommend to anyone.
For how much the sock and camera cost they sure did cheap out on the camera and app. Camera is constantly having connection issues and the app freezes whenever the camera glitches. Even the sock has started to have issues connecting to the base 8ft away. Absolutely would not recommend either device to anyone. I will be looking for an alternative product for the next child.
The camera times out and shita off all the time. The temperature works when it wants to, and hardly reads the right temperature. For the price I could have bought 3 mediocre monitors!
constantly having to set up my Wi-Fi and re installing the app when the base says it's already connected but the phone app says it's not so you can't see any information
Is not compatible with modern 5G wifi mesh systems. If you have a mesh system, you'll need to disable certain features to be able to use this on your wifi. I am returning my device, maybe they'll modernize soon and be able to connect to 5G mesh systems. But until then do not purchase this if you have a modern mesh system. Customer support is horrible.
Camera is always loading or pinwheels even with a strong internet or cell service. Also always asks to re-login whenever opening the app.
Fails to connect. They should give us out money back. Not safe for it not to work all the time. Now i have to go spend more to get a working device.
This app is buggy and annoying. More than half the time I go to look at it, it tells me to get started instead of showing me what's happening with my connected device. Fix this asap. The smart sock is too expensive to have such poor experience with the app.
Apps is complete trash.. freezes and stops working constantly. Disconnects from the wifi randomly.... not what you want as a first time parent.
I've recommended these devices to so many new moms and lately I wish I hadn't. The app is a trash fire. I spend more time watching it try, and fail, to connect to my son's smart sock than actually seeing readings. Used to work great. Now it's always "connecting" or "receiving readings" with no actual readings ever displaying. If it wasn't for the base station and camera (which appear to be functioning properly) I'd take the whole system outside and introduce it to my front tire. Please fix it!
App won't let me log in making this device completely useless to me. I will be forced to return it if this doesn't change
FIX YOUR S***!!! I find that two cups connected by string works far better. Don't waste your money.
App does not connect to previous account created on old app. New app can not log out of profile, it just gets stuck trying to log out. Can not connect to base station for live readings or history. For a $300 product the app should be significantly better.
Crashes, lacks notifications, lags, deletes camera connection after previously being connected
App doesn't work most of the time.
Used to work ok. Now when we are able to get it working, it often freezes after an hour or so.
I get alerts on my phone hours after the actual alert and even after the base station has been shut off.
App is constantly freezing or won't load. We used to use the sock but it started beeping one night because of poor connection & I dismissed the alarm on my phone but it would not go off, woke the baby & my husband up & it took me an hour to get baby back to sleep. Camera was wonderful & I loved being able to check on baby without having to go in the nursery & risk waking but now it won't even load the video feed. Please fix!!
While the app is functional for me, the fact that there are still trivial UI bugs but we haven't seen an update for over 3 months shows a complete lack of interest from the developer. Maybe I'll remember to update this review when they finally remember they have Android customers putting up with a sub-par experience.
App is garbage. I cannot connect to my app to the base
New updates make video un-usable
Horrible! Doesn't work half the time.
I'm really upset I used an owlet last summer from a friend loved it worked great loved the app. This time my son is super sick and I need to keep an eye on his o2 so I used her owlet again got the app. I bought another owlet as well as the camera I set it all up one for each kid. one of my littles is with a friend & i forgot to charge my sons sock so I went to switch the socks between the two cause her is charged it pops up with the option to reassign but upon pushing it it does nothing
app is rubbish!!! always getting connection issues. For such an expensive product I would expect more from the app. love the product but this app really goes against the whole point of buying the sock
Never works!! Both the sock and the monitor are constantly disconnecting (sock alarms when it does this which is super annoying) and when the monitor disconnects, its obviously useless. I expected A LOT more from something I spent $400 on.
garbage. connecting.... app searching for base.... rarely do i see live readings. already returned one to best buy. this is our second one. pile of steaming garbage. the device is 100% not worth what youre charging
The new app is terrible. It offers less features, is much less user friendly and doesn't give you access to help. This is a downgrade.
I was forced off the old app onto this new one that doesn't work! Have added the sock and a profile for my boy, but the app doesn't associate them as together and therefore won't show me readings... I know the base is connected to the sock bce of the slow glow though. Please roll back old app or fix this one.
I don't know if there was an update or what, but it takes like 10 minutes for the app to open now. Can't even shower when the husband is out because my app won't open and I can't keep eyes on my sleeping baby. Never again will I get a baby monitor that requires a freaking app. 😒
Get ready to Uninstall and reinstall your app 40 times. Couldn't connect to my app so I unpaired the device even though it worked on my husband's phone. MISTAKE. DO NOT PASS GO. Now I've been trying to pair it for over an hour and, while the chat is responsive, its also incredibly unhelpful, or maybe the product and the app are just trash? Idk. But this app will make you plug in, disconnect your wifi, redo and redo and redo and Uninstall the app so many times you'd think they're on commissions.
The device itself is fantastic. It gives me peace of mind to know that if anything were to go wrong, I'd get an alert from the base. However, this new app is the worst! The old app worked fine on my android. I can not ever get this app to work. I have contacted support a few times, done my research, and it seems that this app is only good for the apple users. I have never been a fan of apple nor will I ever be. It just doesn't work for me. Please bring back the real, BETTER app! -Grace
My previous review knocked the app for the glitches with the cam connection. That is pretty much fixed. Now, the issue is with the sock readings. My baby will be perfectly still and we're getting a steady reading, then out of nowhere the sock placement alarm goes off.. As if the sock magically moved all by itself.. Please fix this ASAP!
The app won't load anymore after 4 months of use with no issues. Uninstall and reinstall as well as multiple resets of app and hardware do nothing.
The video feed is slow and when I maximize the video the screen goes black (using a Pixel 4). Works fine on my wife's iPhone. Android version needs work.
The app never works. Always says trying to connect with base station. I have contacted customer service and was told repeatedly that it was being worked on. I have reinstalled the latestest update and still the same issues. For the price of this product, this is completely unacceptable! They should be working a lot harder at fixing the problems when people are paying such a high dollar for their products. Really disappointing!
Sock is great! the app however is all out of wack on my Samsung, when I had my iPhone the app was great and very reliable but so many glitches with the Android version.
Does not monitor heart and oxygen properly, wasteful product, save yourself the money and midnight stress thinking your child had a heart spike of 230bpm when this app and sock go haywire all the damn time. Just complete junk!
How many 1s from people that paid like 400 dollars to have peice of mind before they fix this issue I can't connect to the camera and if I reinstall it it will work on one phone for a short time and nothing else my wife can't watch our kid while I'm at work or just her phone will work most of the time it just blinks like there's no internet its ridiculous if I had the free time I'd demand a refund it hasn't worked from day one
Haven't been able to view vitals or camera since last update. Too important of an app to have this level of instability.
Products work good but the app is horrible. Why pay that much for quality products only to have to use this horrible app with them? Sock base station is connected to wifi but it never shows up on the app. Even with restarting the base station and installing the app and reinstalling it. Would give 0 stars if I could.
Great product, terrible app! There are so many issues with the app especially connecting with the camera which is kinda the whole point of the camera. It's already bad enough that I had to purchase another baby monitor to listen as this does not notify me when my baby makes a sound/cries.
This app is constantly closing out, not loading footage, saying that the cam is offline out of nowhere without any tampering, and now the temperature does not read properly. Save yourself the stress and buy something else.
This app is horrible, I have the best internet service available in my area (St. Louis so I'm not in some rural area with crappy service) with the top rated modem and router available with three mesh points (Google WiFi Home Mesh). This app still struggles to connect. When it does the video service is shoddy at best. The sock is great as long as your baby lays completely motionless at all times. The first slight movement and the sock will only register that your baby is moving.
Not worth the money. This baby monitor was well over $100, and a third of the time it doesnt even work. No video and no sound, just a spinning wheel of death. While, I like the fact that it tells me the temperature in my little ones room it doesn't do anything else. My old cocoon cam alerted us when she was waking up, when she was crying, and when she fell asleep. It tracked her sleep each night and stored the information. This does none of that even when it works. So disappointed.
The New app Dont work with my baby socks. The old App just to work 100%.
The base works but this app never does.
App is such garbage. I spend $300 bucks on something to give me peace of mind and I end up spending at least an hour every night trying to set up the app to base station connection. It will just randomly disconnect too, if I happen to open another app, like for example my alarms to time my baby's feedings. Absolutely ridiculous.
Number of issues! Any minor movement of the baby and no readings. Can go a long time, over 30 minutes without seeing any data and not getting an alarm! Sounds like default notification timeout is 2 min! 2 min buffer, try selling that to a hospital, seconds count! Pairing to sock / base failed the first time. Only 1 account per sock, both parents can't have account! Anyone in house can re-pair sock to that phone without any notification! Had to delete app to log out. Delete and return, onto Nanit
I've loved this product, however the last month there camera won't connect so we ended up buying another monitor for that and only use the sock for her heart rate.
It never loads and forgets all my information constantly.
Useless
Worthless. Rarely pulls camera feed. A shame when you spend over $300 to get the camera and sock bundle.
Content crashes and camera connectivity issues
Terrible app can never find my base i have reset multiple times. Do not waste your money on any owlet product. I will not recommend to parents. The company takes $300 and gives no support, called multiple times and have gotten nowhere. Wish I could give zero star
Can't set up an account... Frustrated. $200 paper weight.
Same as all the other 1 star reviews. not happy at all.
This is the worst app! Trying to set up the base with your phone is miserable and confusing. They need to work on it. I don't mind troubleshooting if it works. I've been messing with this connection for a couple hours now and now I'm fed up. I was looking forward to using this but now I want to return the whole thing!
It's great when it actually works !
Company refused to help us when our device stopped working. Their support continually blamed and suggested ludicrous actions to make it work again (none of which worked). I highly recommend returning your product.
Expensive, but doesn't add up. Set up was a nightmare. App is very buggy. In the 8 months of using it, the "servers have been down" multiple times. For $300 for the smart sock, I was expecting a more seamless experience with Owlet. Save your money people!
Awful, won't connect. Will seek refund.
I love the peace of mind the sock gives me but this app is horrible. It only works about 10% of the time and hasn't logged a single night of my baby's sleep in almost 5 months Definitely needs work!
It NEVER has connected to the base station since I downloaded the new app (3 weeks ago).
They sent us new camera and this one will not stay connected to wifi and goes out every time we log in. TERRIBLE!
Camera always disconnects or freezes
Product doesn't connect at all to base station anymore. I paid way too much for something of the most basic Bluetooth functionality to have so many problems.
The base seems to work with the sock, but the app doesn't find the base a third od the time. Also the camera feed is poor and needs restarted constantly.
For such an expensive product you'd think the app would work better. It's unreliable and very spotty and crashes all the time. Several times the app has crashed overnight and I woke up to hear my baby crying, not through the monitor but through the house. It's disappointing and I don't recommend their products.
This app needs some serious upgrading. Constant connectivity issues even after buying a wifi booster for our home. Whenever I get a notification the background audio feature shuts off, even if I put my phone on "Do Not Disturb." Honestly, this monitor is pointless. I still don't trust it enough to go anywhere in the house I might not be able to hear her myself. What a waste of money.
for the amount of money i paid for this and for the app to only work sometimes im disappointed!! downloaded the new app and i can't even check what's going on with my son
Terrible experience moving existing sock to new app. Took me awhile just to figure out that I needed to install a new app to setup the camera. The manual doesn't indicate anything about a new app, just to add a device. Anyway now that I'm in the new app, adding the camera was not easy and not difficult (damn your lack of sorry for 5GHz networks). but getting the existing sock from the old app to the new app has proven the far impossible. HELP!!!!
LOVE the sock. HATED the camera. The camera itself was fine, but this app is HORRID. I never return things I buy, but this app is so terrible I had to get rid of the camera for something else. If you're considering this product, buy something else or wait until all the bugs are out and they come up with a way to keep your phone screen from timing out. The audio cuts out and when it does work is incredibly delayed. This was our first video monitor and I'm disappointed in Owlet for releasing it!
Owlet sock and base have worked well for going on 2 babies now (we did have to replace the pulse ox sensor because there was a short in the charging connector). The new app, however, is less than worthless! I have talked to the company, updated the app, redownloaded the app multiple times and it still loses the information about the base station constantly. If I re-register the base station it may work for a night and then the next night nothing!! HATE IT!
Lags, have had to unplug and replug the owlet multiple times bc it always fails to connect. Now the app keeps crashing when I try to open it so now I'm reinstalling it to see if it'll work. I wish it worked well. There should be a feature that allows me to restart the owlet. Too often, I have to unplug and replug the owlet for no reason. It's be so much better if I could do this from the app (or if this wasn't necessary at all)
Will not connect no matter what. I have done absolutely everything I can to have this thing work and the app will not works. We have had nothing but trouble since the new app came out. We are done with this product and this company.
I had the previous app for the owlet, and it worked well with issues somwtimes. Now it continues to crash, and i cant get it to stay open. With this new app I cant even get it to connect. I have an Android phone, so I dont know if that's the problem or what, but it would be great if this could be fixed. I dont understand if everything was already set up and connected in the other app why i have to go thriugh the trouble of doing it again. I feel like it should be automatically transferred.
Now it just crashes and cant even open app. So this device is now completely useless and a wast of money. No reply from the devs as you can see from all the comments.
The app NEVER works!
The PROMISE of this app + the Smart Sock are amazing but the EXECUTION - that is, what the app actually delivers vs what we expected - is maddening. Imagine spending $400 on an app/device that promises to monitor vital signs for a baby... and then it only works 60% of the time. The app is so buggy (regularly freezes, occasionally acts as though I never setup an account, and has to be restarted 3x-5x daily), that one can't trust it. You've seen the reviews - I wouldn't recommend this to anyone.
love the product! I love how you can use both the cam and sock in one app at the same time, but that's when the app want to work. I have been ha bgg ing lots of issues with the app and it's the new one. what is the deal?
This has been the biggest waste of money ever. For the $200 i paid to have peace of mind i cannot even set it up. constant technical problems trying to connect to the base station. I was so excited to be able to use and hopefully endorse this product, however it is highly priced garbage. I really hope they find some software engineers who can actually build a decent application so I can finally use this product.
When a server outage occurs (like the one on 9/5-9/6) you need to put up a banner in the app notifying the users of it. I spent 2 hours in the middle of the night (12:30am-2:30am) trying to reconnect, register, troubleshoot, etc. the app only to find out that it was a problem on your end. Needless to say I'm not too happy about it... Update: finally working again after nearly 2 day outage... Not willing to up stars just yet...
I was prompted to download this app when I bought the owlet cam. since downloading this app I have had nothing but problems with connecting it never has her owlet resdings it always just says connecting or server down or some other error and the camera wont connect. so now i am put money on a monitor that doesn't work for me and I cant see me babys sock reading.
This is the worst app I have ever used in my life. If the Owlet camera wasn't a gift, I would have returned this useless product right away. For now, all I can do is caution new parents NOT to purchase anything from this company as the camera constantly disconnects from Wi-Fi, even though we have the fastest internet and other streaming devices work with no issues in my child's room. The sad thing is customer service gives the same generic answers and doesn't bother to follow up. Stay away.
Very unstable app, needs nor work.
This device has been a joke along with the app. The base won't stay connected to the app for longer then 24 hours. Then you have to reset wifi connection, etc.. Only thing we useful is the base.
Seems like everyone is having the same problems that I am. Every couple of minutes it says the placement of the sock is wrong. I have been using it for more than 8 months. I think I know how to put it on my daughter. This device costs way too much for it to have issues like this.
I installed this app because I received the owlet camera as a baby shower gift and I am not been able to open the app once I have had nothing but issues with this app I am very unhappy with this app.
Terrible reliability
The app is too buggy. I have to register my sock everytime i open the app. When i open the app the data is missing such as my childs info and its not connecting to my base station. Terrible..I'm planning to return this product
Best thing in the world when it works. But it won't connect anymore to my phone has to many issues especially for the money you spend on this I bought this to give me a piece of mind not a headache
Disappointed in this app on a daily basis. The camera freezes frequently and the temperature gauge is unreliable... For the price point the owelet system is at (we have the sock as well), I would expect a more seemless system/app. I am happy to see the notifications were recently added.
Bought the camera because the sock worked well. The cameras video quality is good but the app required to use it is terrible. Disconnects almost every night. This results in us waking up when my daughter cries loud enough to hear her from across the house. Buy a baby monitor that has it's own dedicated monitor or one with an app that works.
When the app works, I love it! But it frequently loses the connection to our WiFi and is not easy to reconnect or troubleshoot. For the price of the device itself, I'd expect the app to be more reliable than what we've experienced.
Was 5 stars, but the app hasn't connected to the base station in 6 months despite numerous calls and emails to customer service and help desk. None of the trouble shooting provided a permanent fix. Not worth the $300 purchase anymore.
Horrible, always cutting out and freezing, would not recommend this.
This is a child safety product that regularly doesn't work. I have had to contact customer support on several occasions to fix issues. The only other problem is that customer service isn't that great and often unavailable.
Inconsistent
This app is garbage. It only works about 15% of the time and is almost guaranteed to not work when the baby is crying. FRUSTRATING. I love the sock, but what good is it if the app doesn't work?
The app keeps closing and/or turning switching off of 'background' mode. This happens on my Moto G7 Power and my wife's Samsung S10. It happens at random times throughout the day, and almost on a nightly basis. Neither one of us has a 'do not disturb' setting enabled.
Had to reduce stars. Over the past month there has been so many issues with trying to load the camera, freezing camera and loss of audio. It's very frustrating when it's 2am and I can't look over to see my child on the screen because the camera froze. Currently the app won't even open. It is stuck on the loading screen so I can't do anything in the app. I forced shut and deleted/installed and it's still stuck. I'm frustrated that I paid a lot of money for this camera and sock.
Downloaded latest update and all my past information on the owlet sock is no longer there. Also, app is not working as before... stays on connecting to base but never does... Should have never updated my app... It's broken now...
If you're going to make people download a new app, make sure it can actually detect the sock. Thanks for rendering your product completely useless.
This app works for Europe as well? I paid so much for the sock and I cannot manage to register it in the app. It is so frustrating. When I select Europe as my region the 'next' button disappears.
App is ridiculous. Anytime I pull the app up, it acts like the sock isn't connected to the base. So stupid. Fix this !!
Terrible app and device. Get something different.
After my previous review my app started working great. Lately however, it will not connect to the base even as wifi IS connected. So I am unable to see anything in real time. I un- and reinstalled as suggested and no change. Worse though, the past two nights, my base station will stop pulsing and during this time it doesn't seem to be tracking. At least if the app is not working it gave me peace of mind knowing that the base was. No longer peace knowing it may turn off at any time on its own!
Always disconnects and stops showing video feed. Very unreliable.
Old app began sending dozen of notifications for the same incident. The new and improved app is buggy, slow to respond and now NOT WORK AT ALL. I've done 100% all troubleshooting. New App was prematurely released
The app has serious glitch issues.
Camera consistently drops connection or freezes. Baby looks sleeping peacefully but is heard crying from the other room. Been through ALL troubleshooting steps. Wifi router is less than 10 feet away. Completely unreliable and not safe.
Worst app and product. Going back. Could not sink the product with the docking station even though we were sitting right next to it.
The sock and camera are a great idea but the app is just horrible. It is constantly disconnecting from the camera and will sometimes freeze so when I think my baby is sleeping she's actually wriggling around and awake. You would think for a nursery camera and sock that costs so much their app would work more often. Very displeased.
The sock is a great product but the app really let's it down. It only works 50% of the time and makes you feel like you can't trust it. For the money you pay for the sock I expect a properly built app that works at least 99% of the time. I'd say every other day the app won't connect to the base station or the readings won't show up. Then I have to sneak in to my baby's room to unplug the base and plug it back in for it to work. Very frustrating.
Don't waste the money on the system cannot stay connected to the shock you will lose Sleep
Useless. App doesn't notify me when the smart sock alarm goes of. Luckily iOS version works.
After the old app worked fantastic I downloaded this new app thinking that it is going to be an improvement. Drastically worse than the older version. Constantly get "app searching for base station" notification. Tried all of Owlet's troubleshooting and still get the same result. For the price this thing costs you would expect better results. Highly disappointed in this "updated" app.
Do not but this product! It is such a pain to deal with. We bought the sock and camera. First, no where in the instructions does it tell you that you can only have 1 account. My wife had set it up first and made her account. I then made an account and paired it to my phone and she lost all access to them. So that is how we learned you can only have 1 account and have to share it. Second, the sock is constantly losing connection to the base.
The camera connects maybe 20-30% of the time
Constant struggle
Consistently disconnects from the base. Sometimes doesn't find the base again. The baby is able to kick the sock off easily (4 days old). When the baby moves it's feet, the sock stops tracking. And a baby never moves their feet right? Randomly just starts blaring "check sock placement" event though nothing actually happened and the sock is on perfectly. Have to reset the base to make it shut up. This makes anything coming out of this device hard to trust. History on the app doesn't work at all.
This is a piece of s.... app. I haye how it loses connection and you then it freezes.
I honestly wish i could give 0 stars. I've been using this product for almost a year, and i must say it's a MAJOR let down. The camera has disconnected multiple times in the middle of the night without me knowing. The app is the WORST part of it. We've moved the wireless router as close to the base and camera and still not better. The camera is amazing... when it works! All I've wanted is to track sleep and know when my little one is awake. And this product has let me down on so many levels.
Never connects to a network, lags out and customer service is awful. Waste of money.
Do not waist money on products. The app has features like tracking babys sleep patterns and graphs that show oxygen levels and heart rate history. However, it does not work. Call customer Service on Jan 1, 2020 I was informed that they were aware of the app problem and had been working on it for a few months. Looks like the app was last updated Nov 7, 2019. Yet customer service had no idea when it would work the way I purchased the product to work.
The monitor itself is great but the app always crashes, many times ive had to track my baby's oxygen due to health issues and it has let me down, connecting to new wifi is a hassle. Its not reliable 100% which is a bummer when youre baby needs to be monitored constantly.
The app never would work consistently. We were unable to connect the base with our phones for an extended amount of time. The help phone line I called was nice but the connection only lasted a few minutes. I'm so sad it didn't work for us. I was so excited to have the owlet that was advertised.
Do not spend your money on this cam/sock. Both devices keep getting randomly disconnected from the wifi. Sometimes it just doesn't even work. In order to get the cam to work, you will have to keep trying over and over until it works. You spend more time babysitting the app than your kid. Not worth it!
App is not working anymore 400$ paperweight great!
Still not working well several months later. Needs a force close every, single, time you open the app to get video working. This is with a dedicated access point right near the camera and basestation. If a force close fixes video, this is surely a simple fix...
I guess it works sometimes. Yet their is different info given for my wife's iPhone and my android app. Doesn't line up. When it alarms it doesn't show at the same time either. It gives some peace of mind, but more headache than not.
The app is absolute garbage. Love the product when it is working, but the app will disconnect from wifi and it took over an hour with customer service and a ridiculous amount of steps on my part to get it working again. This has happened on multiple occasions. Also the app freezes frequently and has many other glitches and incorrect error messages. Very disappointed to have paid so much for a product and have to troubleshoot so often.
I'm usually the first to encourage friends to buy an Owlet but I've lost a lot of trust in the app as it constantly shuts down. Will it actually alert me if & when an emergency is happening? Very disappointed. It's an expensive necessity that isn't even capable of staying connected. Please fix!!
Very disappointed. This app worked great for about 2 months and now everytime I go to check it, it always says searching for base... very frustrating because this device is not cheap and now I don't have that peace of mind that I thought I paid for. Not happy.
App doesn't connect with the base. Company said 2-3 weeks before there was a fix--in April. Still an expensive paperweight because the sock does NOT still speak to the base even though I keep getting told it does. Would have thrown the whole setup in the trash if it weren't 300 bucks. The app is pretty inconsistent for the camera too. It is up and down constantly. Not up consistently enough to feel comfortable transitioning to her own room until I buy a new camera. Save your money..
This app worked pretty good until this week. Now we can't get it to connect to any of our Android devices. For a $300 product the app definitely needs work. While I know the base will alert me if there are any problems I won't actually be able to see what the problem is without the app so right now it's a big waste of money and definitely a huge disappointment for anyone with a little one.
It never seams to be able to connect to the base i have tried uninstalling app and reprogramming the base to my account multiple times and still nothing I would like to use the app to make sure everything is working right with the equipment but forget about it. Guess i just have to trust that it is. That being said the equipment does seam to work fine. Just wish it had a screen instean of just an audible base.
I hate this app. Never wants to connect. So I'm here wondering what's my babys heart rate and oxygen level. What's the point in paying all this money if I cant have the peace of mind this is supposed to be for?
Why would you remove the ability to silence an alarm by dismissing the notification from the lock screen? The old app had this functionality but this doesn't? Why would you make an app required to install but not bring the same perks to the new app? Very disappointing.
Awful product and poor customer service. I spent 45 minutes trying to set up this device with the assistance of customer service. The quality of service was poor, the product is difficult to setup, and ultimately, I was unable to use the device. Do not purchase owlet products!
Owlet base station won't connect to wifi. Says password is incorrect even though it is the right one. And the old app won't allow us to login so now we're left without mobile access.
I'm using Google Wi-Fi with CenturyLink gigabit service. The camera will not connect to Google WiFi, it requires 2.4 gigahertz bandwidth. Owlet customer service was not helpful. Google Wi-Fi customer service was outstanding they even made a conference call to owlet. It seems when Google calls and they have more answers, they give us the port forwarding numbers but it still wasn't enough. The owlet is not ready for the open market. Google Wi-Fi is the top selling router, doesn't work with cam
Incompetent dev team - annouce 'fixes' which don't fix the issues when released or work for a couple hours. Very poor transparency and communication - PR only annouced issues on Twitter, which not everyone uses. No email blast. No banner in app until someone mentioned it in the twitter comments. PR essentially just repeats the same message.
P.O.S. Don't buy the camera.
I continuously have to log out, delete and reinstall the app. The sock or the camera won't connect until I do this. I brought this for peace of mind being a first time mum, but it's starting to make me more anxious then anything.
Liked the previous app. This newer app is always trying to connect to the base, but never does. Was able to connect once after I reset the whole system. Then back to searching for base after that.
Sock is great but the app for monitoring video constantly freezes. No it is not wifi issues. Someone else said the video no longer needs to go to your servers and can work strictly on our local network (even if our internet is down but wifi is up) if true is that by default now?
Zero response from customer support and features that don't work. The history functionality in the app for the Sock2 product doesn't record anything. If you call their support you sit on hold and are eventually hung up on. When you email in for support they don't get back to you. You charge so much for a product that has zero support and broken features.
First it wouldn't connect. Then, it kept saying the sock was dying when it had just been charged. Now.. It won't show wifi! I'm so frustrated with a product that costs as much as this does and never having reliability.
didnt work for me. kept loging me out. when i can log in the camra will not show anything. do not buy not worth it. best off getting old school reliable baby monters.
HORRIBLE App does NOT work. And for as much as it all costs, customers expect the app to work amd be reliable. Do NOT waste your money. I personally coild never evwn get past the log in screen withoit the app force closing itself. I tried everything support said to do with no luck.
Doesnt connect to owlet base
It's 3am and I can't get any auido/sound from camera. I updated the app and now it's not connected to the camera at all. Very frustrating bc now I have to go into her room just to pair with device.
Bring the old app back!!!! The base station wont connect to this app at all! It acts like there's no base station in proximity when I try to connect them. The old app had no issues connecting, it was so easy. Now I can't check my baby's heart rate, O² or anything!!!! What the heck! Luckily the sock and base station still work so the alarm goes off still but I have no clue why or what's happening when it does cause the app doesn't work. PLEASE FIX THIS ASAP. I didnt spend $300 on this for nothing
Horrible app, camera will not load.
App does not function properly. Changed wifi connection for cam since it didn't work with 5 ghz. Worked for one day. Works periodically when it wants to with no rhyme or reason. Even the reading from the sock does not come up at this point. For as much money as this is, they need to have this fixed and working ASAP. Very disappointed as I used owlet in the past and did not have these issues.
New app sucks!!!!!!!!!! Customer service sucks!!!!!!!! I want my money back!!!!!!!
The app never wants to load the video feed. it keeps saying disconnected but everything is set up properly it decides to work when it wants not when I need it... wish I spent less money on a traditional one and not this..
I am suddenly getting all these notifications that the owlet does not work with 5G and that I can not use my app because of this!
Fix the false notifications! We have twins and spent over $600 for these monitors, but don't use them as much as we'd like because of the false alarms. We found the ability to delay the notification for lower alarms, but it seems like those get reset when the app updates. If you carry your baby more than 20' away from the base station, expect a notification to be sent to everyone who has the app installed!
This review is for the camera. The quality is very poor when set to auto and is hardly ever HD quality. The camera is wifi and constantly disconnects leaving a spinning wheel and still image. The camera disconnects daily, not an exaggeration. Often times I will lay my baby down and go to the app just to find out the camera has disconnected once again so I have to unplug the camera and plug it back it resulting in me waking her up. Customer service didn't help either. Wasted $150.00.
Constantly kicks me out and asks me to re log in, can't depend on the app alert. Now the feature to see the the graph of overall sleep is gone. The app is almost useless at this point. Would rate negative 5 if i could
No notifications for movement or audio, what good is this then. Can't have multiple phones connected to devices
Do not buy this product (at least for Android). It works about half the time - and that's generous. I can't tell you how many nights I've laid awake refreshing / closing out / uninstalling the app to try to get it to work so I can check on my baby. We threw in the towel and got another monitor for $50 on Amazon that is way more dependable.
Considering how expensive the monitor is and it's intended use I cant understand why this app is so bad. It's so unreliable and frequently crashes. It was working fine for me until I finally connected the camera. Now it won't connect to the base station or the camera. I shouldn't have to uninstall and reinstall just for it to work a few hours. If I could give negative stars I would.
waste of time and money. constantly having to "force stop" the app and reboot. works for as long as as I'm staring at the screen. if I put the phone down for 10 seconds the app freezes then it's back to force stop and reboot. have to constantly monitor the screen, which is a hassle and and waste of time. I dont have this kind of time- afterall if I continue screwing with this app I might miss her second birthday in six months.
The app doesnt work
When I first used this on my baby months ago it did exactly what I needed it to do. Straight to the point. Now it's a constant headache. The app is always crashing and new features added that I dont need. All I want is to place this on my babies foot and turn it on. Not set up everything all over again, constantly when I least expect it. I dont have time for this. I NEED TO SLEEP!!. I'm glad I didnt pay for this and it was gifted to me. What a pain.
Great product when it works, atrocious app though. For something that has the nerve to cost $300 you would think that the app would at least work. Calling it clunky and unresponsive would be being overly nice. The sock loves to just disconnect itself for a few days despite having no changes to the wifi or anything else and the camera usually takes a few tried to get it to even load using gigabit internet
I want to love this product but I can't. It worked wonderfully for a few months. I could check the heart rate & oxygen level anytime. Then the app started having trouble connecting to the base station. Countless phone calls & two base station replacements later & it still does not connect to the app unless I reset it every night. Even then it will only connect for short times. I was told by Owlet customer service that the app & sock won't work with Spectrum's wifi router anymore
Couldn't connect to wifi, tried numerous times on 2 different phones. Useless
Avoid this product. Great marketing and product placement, but the camera rarely connects first try and has all sorts of issues with latency. Their support is beyond useless, given very basic script similar to dealing with Comcast. Turn it off and on again! After nearly one year of use this is my least favorite baby product by far. Their app is buggy and has awful UX. On Android and iOS. And who knows what they're doing with your video data.
Horrible app! Won't even let me connect to my wifi. I use a Google Mesh system which chooses 2.4ghz or 5.0ghz based on the devices needs. This won't even connect. Extremely disappointing!!!
After going 2 weeks without the system waiting for viable replacement, I was so excited that our replacement device set up without issues. This morning however the app wont connect to the unit again. Im at a loss and would not recommend this product to anyone who wants the app to consistently work. Such a disappointing experience.
my app hasnt worked in 2 days.
The new app is terrible, I had no issues whatsoever with the old app and have had to uninstall the new one because it does not work. So disappointing because the previous one worked so well, bring it back please!!!
I have had nothing but trouble with the app.
The newest update to the app as really ruined it. The wifi is always disconnecting from the cameras. Sometimes I don't get any of my readings for my sock. The camera has sound but no video. The camera will show it cannot be detected. So many issues, to the point I have to plug in another monitor just incase because sometimes it just won't work.
Worked really well at the beginning, which was a great thing for new parents, but then became horribly unreliable for both the sock and cam. The sock would always trigger false alarms, which is not something you would like to hear at night. The cam is never stable, always disconnecting and requiring uninstall and reset daily. The requirement to constantly update, reinstall and reset almost daily (we've had two full manufacturer replacements) is not worth it. Better options out there
You would think that for a $200 baby monitor they could have an app that actually works. Sound stops for no reason and so my baby can be crying and i won't know it. The app will sometimes just load and load and nothing comes up, but i know it's also not my wifi because my connection to everything else is fine. Now when I try opening the app it crashes immediately. Trash app, trash company. I wouldnt recommend this to anyone.
Button to sign up doesn't even work.
Does not work. Base could not be found. Tried everything customer rep says but not working still. Pls fix this. Your product is expensive and we cant use it as advertised!
This is the worst app and item ever. I've had this for 4 months, and in that time, I've spent more than half of my usage resetting to get a picture because the camera won't connect to wifi. This app and overpriced equipment is definitely not worth headache.
Good device, terrible app. The device and base station work well and provide the information and piece of mind needed, but this app is among the worst apps I have ever used. I'm a mom who is also an engineer and I am constantly frustrated by the poor presentation of the graphs and data. Sometimes the graphs dont show up, sometimes I'm unable to scroll to the data to see the values, there's no scale on the graphs except a color bar that appears to have no actual meaning. I could go on and on...
App won't connect to system. This is way too expensive to not be working right.
this system literally only works when it wants to work. we have to pair and repair and repair again and HOPE that it MIGHT work eventually. Most of the time it doesnt. not worth the money, hassle, or anything else.
Not worth the money for the cam and socks to not work. App doesn't load the feed for either monitor over half the time when opening the app. The feed will freeze, leaving you to believe everything is going fine while the baby screams it's head off. Can't be used without wifi. Just terrible, over priced products, don't waste your money.
Please fix now only one phone can connect to the camera like it was perfectly fine now when I connect to the cam it deletes off my wife phone and vise versa please fix even tho I'm going to return it and get my money back for this garbage
This app is so unreliable it makes me crazy. I need to know if I fall asleep I'm still able to hear my baby. The fact that there is no rhythm or reason the app doesn't work is the most troubling issue. I won't know if and when it cuts out. Please fix this app so I can get a good night's rest.
Camera Worked ok, with connection issues sometimes, but not enough to be a big deal. After using for 9 months something changed with the software. I can now only connect maybe 40% of the time. It's a huge problem, frequently I can not check up on my baby at night.
Last update killed connecting to the camera. DO NOT UPDATE
Never works always have to restart my phone to get it to connect. Stops working in the middle of the night and don't know until im woken up from the shrieking cryies of my twin boys. Very frustrating
I got an email notification that I needed to switch to the new app. I can NEVER see the readings, and now I can't go back to the old app! So very frustrating!
This app sucks ass. I can never rely on it. Its always disconnecting. I'm always having to redownload the app for it to work or having to pair it again. I don't recommend anyone to get it.
Installed today and I've lost track of how many times the app has crashed or frozen. The Owlet sock and base - no issues. Same with the old app. This one... I've been waiting for the android connectivity app for what seems like forever, and I have to say, I'm very disappointed. It crashes and freezes, lags, the data doesn't update often enough, and it will not work on my tablet (which is brand new), seems incompatible. Oh, and get rid of the learnings on the front page. Looks cluttered.
Camera freezes in app. App crashes repeatedly or opens without any previous data loaded. Warnings for heart rate or oxygen levels, etc don't always alarm through app on phone unless the app is manually opened again and then all previous alarms sound at once . Sock and base station work fine on their own, but the app is garbage. I'll change my review if they fix the problems.
The app has a hard time connecting to the base. Just sits and says connecting but never comes through. Wifi is fine, says sock is connected but yet wont connect on the app. Alarm will sound at the base but not on the phone . Uninstalled the app to try to get it to work and lost all my saved data.
This product is worthless. If you can't trust it 24/7 then you can't trust it all. It is SPOTTY at best. Sometimes it doesn't work for hours at a time, and owlette doesn't notify you when that happens. When it comes to your childs life, buy something else.
Best thing I've ever got
randomly dropped my childs profile amd locks up when i try to rebuild it. The app is now completely useless, thankfully the base station is working.
This app is complete garbage. Took a shower, the app shut off 3 times. More of a headache than it is peace of mind. Don't waste your money, just buy a regular baby monitor, so much less stressful.
The app is always disconnected from the camera. We have to close the app like 30 times a day and sometimes it still doesn't work. Waste of money! ( I have the fastest internet through xfinity and I've tested the speed).
Terrible app. Unstable, not reliable, bad ui/Ux. Been trying to setup the base for an hour. Also requires to send location to them to setup (so not needed).
This review is for the app using the sock. I usually never take the time of day to write reviews but this product has to be the most inconsistent technological item and app I've ever used in my life. If I reset the base station it works for awhile and then with literally no change or internet outage it just quits working and says difficulty getting reading. This review is after 2 weeks of inconsistent anger inducing use. I've done everything imaginable for troubleshooting and as a technician.
never could link to my wifi. The old app worked great.
This app / device caused multiple false alarms for us and only increased our new parent anxiety. When it isnt going off as a false alarm, it encourages those predisposed to worrying to lay up at night monitoring the baby's stats rather than getting the peace of mind they need. I was also truly offended when the app forced me to rate it via an unskippable pop up during one of its alarms as I opened it up as a terrified new parent. This was totally shocking to me. Not worth the price.
Why would you set your base to TURN OFF when you unplug a charged sock for use?! There's to much fiddly management for something that should just work. UNPLUG SOCK > PLACE ON BABY > RECEIVE READINGS. Not difficult. Why is there NO OPTION TO EXPORT THE SLEEP DATA that you DO manage to collect? Really poor development from such a "premium" service.
The app only connects to the camera 10% of the time. You have to close the app and reopen it and hope it works
Unable to register the base station.
Keeps crashing
The camera constantly disconnects and never stays connected all the time. For all the money this thing costs it sucks
I cannot get the app to stay connected to my owlet device. I have also struggled with assigning a child to a device.
Devs still can't figure out how time works so my baby is always 3hrs into the unscrollable future. Consistently unable to connect to camera, especially in the middle of the night when you need it most. Open, doesn't connect, close app, reopen, noting, close, reopen, works. Absolute nightmare. Completely regret not returning this while I could.
Awful. I just got the owlet sock and monitor which requires this app to use. After I set up the monitor the app shuts down. I can't even click the app to get in without it kicking me back out so I can't use the products. I have the S10+. I contacted customer service and am told "this shouldn't be happening" and that they would try to fix the problem "soon."
The Owlet cam never works. We bought a wifi extender thinking it was too far from the router, but nothing changed. Our phones have great service in the room the camera is in, so we know it isn't our internet. Maybe it's because it only operates on 2.5 GHz bands? Either way, the app and camera are both useless. The idea is great, but I can't recommend it to anyone.
Rarely works properly. The app can never find the base station. Therefore, we are only alerted by the base station rather than on our phones. After multiple troubleshooting emails with the owlet staff, the problem still persists. We brought it because our sons rooms is on a different floor from ours, but now I am afraid to move him out of our room.
Incredibly frustrating and pointless. The sock has to be on so tight that my daughter can't sleep with it on, otherwise I recieve a notification every 15 minutes saying it can't read. And it doesn't do anything. Last night my daughter had a serious choking fit after her feeding, completely blocking her airway. Fortunately I was holding her and intervened, but the entire time she's turning red in the face, silent because she can't breathe, the owlet never went off.
It NEVER works. I am so so disappointed. We have tried all the troubleshooting and nothing. If I could give this a zero I would.
The app constantly crashes and wont load the camera. Which is ridiculous when you consider the price of the equipment. I have been useing this for 10 months.
App is totally worthless
Does not work well with android. Works intermittently to never. Setup frequently falls. Works better on my wife's apple products. If you are an android user, get a different product. Their camera and sock are garbage.
App fails to start camera feed. Keeps freezing the stream. Takes for ever to load the stream, instead of logging in trys to show the new user log in screen then goes to the stream. So disappointed I on this purchase.
The old app worked. This one is continually crashing or freezing or giving false statuses such as "Base station disconnected from WiFi." Almost 3/4 times it gives no reading at all. The camera feed is glitchy and not in real time.
Its so nice when it actually WORKS! The monitor will sometimes not load, I have to restart my phone to get it to load. Or it will even freeze with no sound!! I have my app up and running when I go to sleep, but last night was the last straw! I woke up to my baby SCREAMING in the next room, when I looked at the app, it showed he was still sleeping and not making a sound. I did not get a sound alert either! I rushed in to go calm my baby- but I am FURIOUS! It's so unreliable!!
So I buy both the sock and the camera, and I go to download the app and I decide to read the reviews. It was very disappointing to see such an expensive camera and sock to not work properly for 100% of the people who have tried your product. Lucky for me, I will take the advice from these poor people who have had nothing but more problems attempting to use this product and immediately return it to the store I bought them from. I will be spending my money elsewhere. Shame on Owlet. Lawsuits OTW
App not loading, time graph doesn't line up properly
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS PRODUCT. Bought this 7 months ago and the Camera took several times to setup but finally connected. Was never able to get a good video signal at first and added a WiFi extender to the home. Now we have great WiFi and a camera that works great about 50% of the time. Fast forward to today, and it constantly needs to be reset, always resetting the signal. Officially done with this piece of junk. DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS PRODUCT. I will never recommend this!
Worst app ever. Just get a sock, don't get a camera because this app never works right!
Awful. Just awful. If you can buy another monitor instead, do it. This app quits working every time I open another app. I have to fully exit and restart the app. At least twice a week that does not work, and I have to reinstall the camera. I could NEVER use this as a nighttime monitor. Thankfully my daughter is still in our room, and when she moves this goes in the trash. Customer service has nothing helpful to say. This is an unbelievably terrible product and I wish I'd never bought it.
The sock is great and it seems like a great product or a great idea but I think it was released too early. There are so many errors this is ridiculous I'm spent $500 on a baby monitor, there should be no issues.. Also i think it should have came with its own monitor plus the option to use your phone w/ the app. I'm too scared to use it as a baby monitor and go to sleep and I think that's a Pity seeing as how it is so expensive. I wish there was a way to return everything!
This app is absolutely stupid. Half the time it can't connect to the camera. Every day I have to change the notification sound back to the original hush little baby sound. For whatever reason it keeps switching to a default Verizon notification sound that is 1/10th of a second long every day. So when my baby makes a noise or moves you can't even be woken up if you forget to change it back because the sound notification is to short. It's freaking clown shoes.
At first everything worked really well. Since the last update the app now completely tanks my phone's battery when in use. The app dominates CPU usage and needs to be shut down to keep everything running. Also since the last update the app itself doesn't run as smoothly as it did before. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app per the recommendation of the company and it did not improve anything. The company said the problem must be with my phone not their app. Please fix the issues!!!
They forced this "new" app and it is completely broken. It won't detect the sock. The "old" app was fine and now they're forcing this broken app on us.
The app is CONSTANTLY down now! So disappointing.
App is absolute garbage. You would think after spending 300 bucks on a sock that they could develop an app that works right. The connection constantly disconnects, therefore I cannot see the oxygen or heartrate numbers most of the time. It's pretty much useless.
The app has been terrible lately. Our owlet cam keeps losing the audio and video signals - Owlet support says it's due to a recent software update. The baby monitor has one job. If nothing else, the audio needs to work at a minimum, and it doesn't. If I can't depend on the audio to work, the cam is worthless to me.
What a scam of a company. They advertise as if they offer a line of safety products. Which they don't. They have preset ranges for heart rate and spo2. 60-220 and 80-100 respectively. ... ... ... if you know anything about anything, you know that if the kid dips below those minimum values, they are basically f***ed. the company wont do anything about it. they have the audacity to charge $300 per sock... which is basically an expensive toy because of the bull s**t preset values.
This review has nothing to do with the Owlet sock, base station, or camera. The product itself is wonderful. The problem is the app. I've had two phones, both Androids, and both had issues with the app. From the app consistently logging me out, the camera not showing a video feed, the stats not loading, and it not alerting me of notifications.. THIS IS HORRIBLE! My husband has an iPhone and has NEVER had the issues I do. For such an amazing and helpful product, this app sucks on Androids!
The app regularly wont load and when it does, it takes forever. Really disappointing considering the cost of the product. Additionally, I dont feel confident the sock is connected/working when it wont show up on the app.
This app suck everything I try to get out it always says searching for internet. Nothing is wrong with my internet. Something is wrong with this stupid app.
This app is awful! For something so expensive I would expect an app to run the sock and camera to work. It works perfectly only about 25% of the time. I have to wait sometimes 12+ hours for the timeline of the data the sock collects to show up. Other times the data is there but I can't scroll to it because the app is convinced it's a different time than it really is. I don't know if I can trust the video feed hasn't been frozen for hours and usually the sound won't run in the background.
Can't get it to connect to the app at all. Everything is up to date and meets specs but still nothing. A $300 dollar sock that is provides zero data .... Awesome
If I could rate this a zero I would!! This app is awful! For an almost $400 device, this makes me wish I never bought it. The camera doesn't work half the time. I either have force stop the app or reinstall which still doesn't always work. The sound changes switches off overnight, so then I can't hear if my daughter wakes up. The customer service is terrible. They blame it on my wifi. The sock keeps disconnecting from the app and I have to keep reinstalling weekly. Worst purchase.
keeps crashing and camera often disconnects from wifi or appears not to be connected. Can't multitask and use phone without the app closing or stop functioning.
won't let me in the app. always says it sent a confirmation email to log in but i never get one even if i try different accounts.
History feature doesnt work at all, making the app useless... I reported this to their tech support and their response was essentially thst the history may not work, and didn't provide anything helpful. The owlet sock is great, but the app is pointless besides for configuration of the sock.
App crashes constantly, spend $430 on a product to be able to rely on this safety product and it just keeps me awake at night. Does not give me peace of mind and not worth the money you pay considering it always crashes!
Lots of glitches with the app connecting to the base station. Continues to send notifications even when you update it not to.
Horrible, I can stream 4 different 4k streams with no bandwidth issues, but can't even keep a consistent 360p on the owlet cam. Also, they need to add the ability to reset the camera from the app itself to avoid having to manually cycle the power every 5 minutes while it has connectivity issues. This is so easy. Sock and base station are great, camera is trash's garbage. Edit. Changed to one star from two stars. Latest update has completely bricked the camera. Stay away, stay far away from this
DO NOT BUY IT! The app consistently turns off background audio, disconnects, & freezes. For $400 for the sock & cam you would think their products would be more reliable. I'm very disappointed. As a first time mother I'm very scared of SIDS, I hoped having both products would ease my worries. It hasn't. The sock goes off almost every night for connectivity issues & nearly gives my husband & I a heart attack. We are putting the sock on correctly & there are no obstacles, bluetooth, or otherwise.
Too important to have more bugs than a simple game. It works maybe 30% of the time with the camera and the sock is worse. Its not like this is a free app that the developers don't have to worry too much about keeping bug free, we need this to keep our baby safe!!! We paid SO MUCH for the Owlet smart sock and camera and they are both completely dependent on the reliability of this app!!! That's kind of a big deal! I often set up a $20 audio baby monitor because it's louder and 100x more reliable!
Camera connection is awful. Connects half the time. Should work flawlessly for the amount of money you pay. PoS
This app is extremely unreliable. Half the time I can't even get it to load video. We ended up getting another monitor just for the peace of mind. I would not recommend the Owlett monitor to anyone
Not possible to setup owlet smart sock 2 fails to connect automatically and manually on Galaxy s9 on Android 10
My sock battery would not stay charged. We tried 2 different socks. Super disappointing. Def not worth $300.
App is pretty good when it works.. which lately is very rarely! We only use this app for the camera and had months of little issues but the last couple of months we might as well not have it.. it either doesn't load at all or it loads a still image and stays like that with no audio. When it did work it sucked that you couldnt use the camera just over the wifi without internet as our internet is quite intermittent so in periods of no internet it's useless. I wouldn't recommend it for a camera.
Update 10-21-20, NOTHING WORKS! I returned the owlet 2 sock in hopes of the new 3 version actually working. Nothing works, can't even connect to chat for customer care. Don't waste your time or money, this product is worse than their customer service, which is non-existent btw. Terrible company all around. Update, 10-20-20, spent $300 on the sock 2 and it still doesn't work. I'm returning this tomorrow, waste of money, I get more use out my baby monitor. 10-10-20 , doesn't work.
This product is a really good idea, unfortunately the app is so buggy to the point where it makes me want to return the device. Unfortunately there's really no alternative, so you're stuck with using a terrible app that only works half the time.
The app is buggy and the support team is non existent. Plenty of other accessories out there that offer superior features. It served its purpose for our little one but not without it's headaches due to poor hardware connectivity and a clunky app
Straight up garbage. Base doesn't connect.
Camera itself works fine. App isn't very good, as selecting guide only shows you a tip about introducing honey into a baby's diet. Clicking "Account" and then " How to videos" brings you to the exact same screen about honey. Microphone on the camera is really quiet
I'm tired to connect the base with the wi-fi as well to install the app. since I purchased this unit, I'm yet to see the application on my mobile to monitor the oxygen as well heart pulses' ranges. If possible to return this unit and have my money back, I will be very happy.
App is terrible and CONSTANTLY crashes! Too bad because the sock is great.
The app keeps freezing up. The video cam freezes and then goes into fast mode. Majority of the time, the app will not open.
Does not do what it says!! Customer service is all auto responses. Sent me a camera with an SD card that doesn't work in addition to an app that doesn't do any of the things it claims to do.
Connection problem every single time we try to use it. Waste of money! Absolute garbage. Please don't waste your money on this product. I would gladly donate mine if you really want to try it lol.
Doesn't connect to the base. Had troubles from day 1.
Terrible! Literally installed today and have had nothing but issues.. Consistently kicks me out of the app and says that I'm not even connected to the base station yet I've completed the setup numerous times. Garbage and returning!
worked great 3 days, now won't connect! so frustrating that this program is constantly so glitchy! update: restarted base and my phone. finally able to connect on my phone but husband could not. same house, same log in, same phone model even. mine shows his stats but the hours and sleep times are crazy wonky
Just like others said...sock is great, but this app is completely useless!
The concept is great..... but the app is not. Constant crashes, switching between cameras or simply viewing them can sometimes be a struggle. The latest update almost made it unusable. Having to restart the app repeatedly to see cameras. It's almost gotten worse each update.
Always disconnecting from wifi. Horrible
This new app that I was forced to change to sucks. The app takes to long and update readings for my child. It also does not always display the correct charge on the smart sock leading me to wonder if the other readings are correct.
Quality hardware. Garbage app. I don't mind spending money for a quality product, and Owlet has an A+ HD camera and the smart sock gives piece of mind. Camera works when you open the app but will not work full screen on any of our devices and the app must be restarted for the cam to work again. Your software engineers are incompetent. Come on. It's 2020. Programming a video app to go full screen should be child's play. Please fire everyone and start over. Time to find a company that cares.
This is a super glitchy app. It only works every other time when opening. I find myself needing to exit the app and restart it for it to work, and have had to re-register the sock and reboot several times. When you go to check the graph it won't let you scroll through and the times are way off. It will also label a current session as a 'daytime nap.' I don't know what kind of daytime naps are from 11:30pm to 5:30am. So many things need fixing. It's frustrating because the product is expensive!
Unreliable app. Way to many issues for the price of the camera and sock.
80% of the time it wont connect to the camera which is Incredibly frustrating. 2way audio only works some of the time.when it cant connect the camera above the baby will start flashing until it connects again.
Agree with previous reviewers, been using this for 9 months now and in the last month the video quality has severely deceased, videos constantly freezing and/or not loading. Please fix this 😕
App is squirly and very unstable. Get the kinks worked out. Should not have to consistently restart my phone to get a visual. Would NOT recommend at this point. Every time I open the app it should work. EVERY TIME! That is what is expected. That's what should happen. That's what I want. We can put a man on the moon and bring him back safely to earth with less technology than exists today, but we can't create a stable baby monitoring visual app? Seriously??? Very frustrating!!!
Camera disconnects from the wifi a lot even though the wifi is perfectly fine and i was never able to get the sock to work properly
A very poor quality app for a $400 product. The base is off yet it has been giving low battery alarms since 5am this morning. We disable notification sounds on the app - sure enough 10 minutes later another notification alarm. Due to the products incompatibility with 5GHz wifi band (really?) the app has been unable to provide any real time stats for weeks. Yet it is able to show me historical stats. ie. From the previous day. So it cannot tell me the heart rate or O2 stats in real time!
Does not work at all!!
Every time I try to look at the ratings it kicks me off the app.
will not connect, keeps saying connecting but never does, worked for maybe 3 days. going back to old version, that kept giving false alarms!
Immediately stops upon opening. Somehow its even more terrible than the last version. How is that possible? Stop fiddling with the user interface and spend some resources making the stupid thing reliable. Duh
The app has been HORRIBLE since the update 10 days ago! It crashes EVERY. SINGLE. TIME. I open it. It will first come up with a blank profile and then will crash after this. This is UNACCEPTABLE for such a "premier" product to track your baby's well being and health! I will reconsider this rating when they FIX THE CRASH ISSUE!
Using for the smart sock. Doesn't work. Old app worked better. Always says searching for base station unless I redo setup every single time. No peace of mind anymore. Great idea, Failed execution.
Do not buy. This app is garbage and the sock is flaky. Stats don't track and the app doesn't even let you create a new account.
I really like the product (smart sock). We got it a week ago and use it every night. So far the app doesnt work more often then not, saying it can't connect or find the base station. The device feels solid but the software seems super buggy. The manufacturer keeps fixing bugs only to have others pop up. Now the app always just shows "connecting to base station" but doesn't do anything. Please fix this, otherwise what is the point of having an app at all?
The most recent update basically broke this app and made the camera mostly unreliable. It makes you wonder if Owlet even cares about their users after the purchase. To release an update that makes you keep adding the camera back into the app every time you open the app is not convenient. Don't purchase this camera as you will never want to use it due to the horrible software. If I was a software engineer for this app I wouldn't show my self in public.
Freezes and crashes right when you need it most. Tech support steps don't help.
This app constantly crashes
The new app will not detect the device. We cant even use it. We used the owlet device with the old app fine. The new app foes not read the base station at all. A fix is needed ASAP!!!
Slower updates than the old app, sometimes doesn't even pull it up
can't login
Will not connect the base station to the app, after hours of trouble shooting through the chat function in the app, I'm over it. I was asked if I had another phone to try it out besides the two android phones that my wife and I currently use?? Like what do you mean? Yeah I have plenty of thousand dollar phones lying around to use hahaha how hard is it to get a 300 dollar piece of tech to connect to an app? Then they expect you to pay for the shipping when their tech doesn't work...
*edited down to 1 star from two because now the sock isnt recording vitals anymore. Like it'll give me the current readout, but it says he woke up 6 hours ago...the kid is still peacefully sleeping. If it's not reading anything while turned on, why isnt it giving me the mockingbird song? My trust is gone. Graphs do not always read accurately, sometime read hours off. Readings seem like rough estimations. Randomly get notifications for improper sock placement eventhough its placed perfectly fine
I have the same connectivity issues as other app users. I have 2 cams and a sock for my son and I am constantly closing down the app or unplugging the cams and base to reconnect. The background noise only come through 10 percent of the time and is so unstable i have to use a cheap audio only monitor to ensure that I hear my son. I originally thought it may be our wifi but we upgraded our router and have great service on everything but the app. I love the concept and the equipment, when it works.
The app crashes a lot and you are unable to track your child's heart rate and oxygen. It is very frustrating and I should just return it if I can't even see what my child's readings are.
For a new product the app is outdated and behind. We should be able to do more as well as record. App lowkey sucks
I can't even get the app to find the owlet sock I just bought. From reading the other reviews it seems like this is a regular problem. It is the middle of the night and I'm wasting time trying to go through the setup that won't work. I have set up numerous devices and have never had the difficulty that I am experiencing with this. Good product idea, but doesn't do any good if you can't set it up!
Cannot connect to the base station. The old app was much simpler and easier to use with our first kid.
Always has issues. The camera is constantly down even though my connection is fine. I have to reconnect the camera at least once a week... it's just been frustrating 😒
Terrible connection between all devices constantly.
Terrible terrible product it doesn't work everything crashes the second I fall asleep and I don't here my child crying until I am woken from a faint cry. What a waste of 600 dollars. Not impressed at all!
Multiple issues. Camera may or may not go full screen for you. Graphs do not properly scroll or display. Tech support will ask you to reinstall like the issue is on your phone, not their software. Then tech support just stops responding. Camera at this point has zero value. Inconsistency of the sock is very worrisome. The fact that oxygen saturation of 81 is acceptable tells me that the pulse ox function is some relative number, not a true reading.
So disappointing. The app is slow to load, the delay is significant, the video feed freezes or the screen blacks out. The camera has a blue light that shines right onto my baby. The app crashes daily. I have to force close my app & reopen it for it to work properly. For the price of this camera, I expected better. I will not be recommending this to my friends or family due to it's false sense of security & it's blatant inability to function.
Make a nighttime color scheme.
Camera connectivity issues all the time. Delays, it won't connect at times, says the SD card is not installed. Owlet really needs to work out these bugs.
aWhats the point of having an app if it doesn't work. I cant wait til another company comes out with a similar sock and they actually put the time into their app and puts you losers out of business.
Constantly crashing and not working, not connecting to the camera
First 2 days operated fine. But ever since it's been nothing but problems. Either stuck on "connecting", "app searching for base station" or "no owlet device found" when setting up wifi. The last is most infuriating, since if you check wifi networks the owlet shows up. So obviously the base station is sending signal for connection, but the app fails to find it. Owlet TS directs to get closer to your router or power cycle the owlet and/or router. My cycled device is sitting on the cycled router!
Didn't work from day one. After hours of trying to get the sock to work, watching videos, trying different sizes, and adjustments, we're returning it. There more important things to worry about when parenting. Plus, it seems like this is a gimmick and doesn't work. Save your money, there are other better cheaper sensors.
Absolutely Horrible! The app has not worked since they came out with this updated version. I have not got a reading since they updated it and my sock just sounds off and says it is not placed correctly when it is. Waste of time and money.
It seems to always be working fine for my wife. However, I get sound but no picture on my newer more expensive device. Fix the app, we're all just sitting around doing nothing, get a developer on this and fix it! That camera was expensive and it doesn't work!
Money wasted with the sock,, the app crashes a lot on my tablet and since February 2020 the software doesn't register the history of the readings and half or most of the time you only see readings for a few minutes then it goes blank, and no history ever. I've complained a couple of times and every time same story, excuses and no real solution to the issue. Paying for something that doesn't work and the company doesn't solve the issue is like having your money stolen.....
I am so sick of the camera never working. It's right next to my router. When it's connected, the signal is "good". And yet, it's always disconnected. I actually bought a cheap camera from Amazon which is infinitely more reliable. Sock is great. Camera is terrible. It's been this way since my baby was born one year ago. I would never buy this again.
This camera/app is trash.
For the amount of money you spend purchasing the sock and camera they could surely provide a working app. The app is never working making the camera completely useless.
Do not waste your money. The sensors randomly go off. The camera rarely works. We've had to order multiple sensors and still continue having issues. The camera usually doesn't load, the temperature is always off by at least 2 degrees.
The app doesn't work properly for any length of time. Every time the phone went to sleep or we exited the app it would disconnect from the base. We then would have to uninstall, reinstall, then reconfigure the wifi and base. It did this on both of our Androids. There was no history and the alerts wouldn't come through to our phones. When we contacted support, they said they were aware of the issue but the base color should be sufficient. Nice idea, but over priced for app not to work.
This app is useless, don't even waste your time downloading it because it won't work. Constantly says "connecting", but never connects to actually see the readings. contact customer support and that's worthless as well since they just tell you to uninstall and reinstall, blah blah blah. Still doesnt work. SO many flaws! The amount we pay for this device is INSANE for this to not work. Tested the sock to show someone babysitting the alarm sound the other day, took it about 2 minutes to go off.
Before with the old Owlet App, I was able to get notifications within less than 30 sec. After that I downloaded the new app I notice that at first I will get alerts less than 1 min. One day I decided to test the owlet of how long it will take for me to get notifications because my son have epilepsy and he stops breathing... it took over 5 mins then I received a notification. This is so bad... if this wasnt a test then my son will have lack of oxygen to his brain for that long or worst.
Buggy. Charts don't update properly
Bought both socks and neither works sock 2 no matter what u do just keeps giving yellow notifications now sock 3 does nothing but give blue notifications they say they will send a new sensor and still havent 2 weeks later nothing thanks for stealing 800 from me
I'm getting sick of this! The camera was working better most of the time until the most recent update. Now it won't work at all! I've definitely wasted my money on this stupid camera! Now if I ever see someone have the owlet on their baby registry, I will tell them to take it off. Or at least get the sock. The camera and app are unreliable. I would get a cheap camera elsewhere that will actually work 100% of the time. Stupid greedy company!
I love the Owlet...why the 1 star? I need to know if my newborns o2 drops below 90 not all the way down to 80. Can you make it adjustable to fit the need of the individual? 80 is way too low for an infant
Older version was better with more details and sleep patterns. this one kinda sucks.
This app truly sucks. I've had problems with it since day one. Haven't been able to get it to connect to the base station in over a week. Doesn't record the readings when it does work (the two times in 3 weeks it has worked). Stops showing the readings in the middle of the night. For as much as I paid I definitely expected it to work way better than it does. I'm 100% regretting this purchase.
My husband and I have been having issues with the camera. We both are Android users, about 75% of the time when I have the background sound going on, it doesn't. Also when we log in to check on her during her naps, the picture from the camera doesn't even load so I have to ask a family member who has an iPhone to look.most the time I have to go and unplug my camera for it us to even get an image with is annoying. If you're an android user , don't use their camera. It sucks and doesn't work.
This app never loads the video footage. Always spinning or completely blank. This is a safety issue and utter garbage for the amount of money it costs to purchase these cameras. To add, my previous 1 star review was removed. 8/21 update: my child was in my arms, in another room when I looked down at the app and the image I saw was of my sleeping child! No spinning circle stating bufferring. This is ridiculously unsafe and I will be contacting someone about this!
Camera constantly disconnects from wifi device making the camera essentially useless.
The 2 way audio/intercom is horrible on android. I can't hear anything unless I put my ear right next to the monitor. I can hear it better when I'm using the iPad, however, but the video seems to buffer in and out when using the iPad. So many bugs with the app. The signal also shows fair with the router right next to the camera.
crash when going to guide...
App is terribly glitchy and base disconnects randomly from wifi and will not reconnect.
App crashes a lot and will not load camera. Very disappointing and frustrating especially in the middle of the night.
very disappointed. keeps showing disconnection which causes the base and our phones to go off at night, waking everyone up. we also cant see readings on more than 1 phone, since the update it only lets us access his profile on one.
the worst app ever!!
Total garbage. Complete waste of money.
Very expensive camera and digital sock combo, and a very unreliable app. The sock is tough to get secured and often slips despite the different sizes. We've found using a traditional sock over her foot with the Owlet helps the reliability. I am unable to load full screen video on my brand new Pixel 4 which is a huge deal breaker for me. Please fix your app! My Galaxy s8 and all of our other household devices can do this, why not the pixel 4?
The owlet monitor itself has been a lifesaver. I have a preemie and I'd never be able to sleep without it. The app, however, is complete garbage. No matter how many times I reset it, it only works for about a day or 2 at a time.
Worked good for about a week...
Baby monitors cannot randomly go down. Not a reliable product period.
SHUT UP! There is no way to shut the sound off on my phone for the useless yellow and blue notifications. It doesnt make noise on the base station but this app keeps waking me up! Please fix ASAP!!!!!!!!
History feature does not work. Emailed them and never received an answer.
Have had sock and cam for the first year of baby's life. First two months everything worked. Used wife's phone and mine to monitor. Then the two phone's apps would desync and the camera or sock would not show up in the app for one or both phones. Reset/Wipe and reinstall would periodically solve the issue. Eventually settled on just using one phone. That worked for a while. Then the "App searching for base station" issue started. Then the camera lagging started. Useless $500 equipment now.
It never works right. Streaming is awful. So disappointed
Absolute awful device!! The camera constantly disconnects from the app. When it actually does show anything it is roughly 20 seconds behind. The microphone only works when the app starts. The sock is constantly searching for the base station. Would give less than 1 star if possible. Reached out to customer care and still no response. Will be returning this product and will highly recommend no one purchases it in the future.
The app is terrible! If you want peice of mind while your little one(s) sleep/nap please save yourself the money and go buy something else. The camera constantly looses connection and freezes. We have high tier internet along with supporting modem and router and it still takes a while for the screen to start up so you can check in on the baby. Every time you have to update the software the camera forgets the wifi and has to be setup all over again. *Out of room but issue list is longer*
The app has been down for days and you can't get a hold of tech support.
The app sucks for how expensive the camera is. Really wish I never bought it now. Never really use it now
Update i did love but now i am having issues with the app and it making me dislike it. I love the owlet. I am a first time mom with serpation axienty. And it put me at ease when i can see her well i am at work
Does not consistently open and often freezes.
I love the products but the App is constantly crashing. I wish the app would work so I could have a reliable baby monitor
Initial sock setup process was a total nightmare. The app cannot automatically find the base station. The only way to get it to work is to connect to the owlet SSID in manual mode, then navigate to the ip address of the owlet with a web browser. From there you are able to connect it to your WiFi. Also, notifications do not appear at all when the base station goes off. For a $300 device, you are getting a very low quality, terrible app. Back button behavior is also overridden (y tho???).
This app isn't good for Android
The app needs a lot of work for my Samsung S10+ due to inconsistent functionality between android and iOS versions. For example, I can't view graphs while the baby is sleeping, even though my wife can on her iPhone. Why is that?
Unreliable
I love the idea behind the product.. and it is amazing when it works. The app freezes constantly and you have to close it out try to re download and that usually still doesnt work. It's tough to have the peace of mind that your expecting with the hefty price tag when the app doesnt want to work properly 90% of the time!.
Keeps not working.
The app won't stay connected to the base. It serves no purpose and is absolutely ridiculous
Fix this app!!! It shows no readings!!!
This is a pretty cool device once it is set up but the app for android don't seem to be working properly. They may need to do some trouble shooting with older units and new android phones
We only use the SmartSock, can't comment about video. Major issues: 1) App frequently fails to connect to base station. It just endlessly loops on "Connecting..." Only reliably connects through 4G, so I have to turn off my phone's WiFi. How can we trust that it's connected and will warn us if our baby is in trouble? 2) No historical data is ever saved. Why include a dead feature? 3) Please include dark mode. Hard to get back to sleep after it has burned your retinas with the light of 1000 suns!
It's disheartening & frustrating when your product is advertised for both iPhones & Androids, but the latest version of the app is not available for the latter, which is preventing me from using the product. After checking that my network was 2.4GHz, disconnecting & reconnecting, uninstalling & reinstalling, signing out & signing in, etc. I am unable to connect the camera to my app. My app version is 1.1.26 on a Samsung Galaxy S10. The latest version is 1.3 only available on IOS.
app is constantly searching for base. I barely get to use it because it takes forever to boot up.
Sock is good. The camera since the last update is just junk. We bought a $40 camera originally for other reasons, now it's a back up camera because the owlet is so bad! This thing will not connect! I have reconnected the thing multiple times and it still is terrible. I will never recommend this to anyone. I like the sock only, camera never i am seriously ready to throw the camera in the trash
The sock works well but the camera is useless. It is very glitchy and the sound never works. There is no way to use the camera unless you stay awake and watch it. But even then you have to close out the app several times.
So bad. Constantly freezes/ goes into loading screen. Last night, there was picture...baby sleep but heard crying from room. Discovered that the stream had froze and there were no warnings or anything. If we weren't the room over, we wouldn't have even known our infant was up and crying. Straight up garbage, time to return and get something better that actually works.
Video and audio have been cutting out for a while now. Please update ASAP.
Terrible camera footage freezing all time. Whats point of this product my dog camera has better footage and streaming and it was 30$
Always drops out and says wifi is disconnected from base. Live readings don't work all the time although connected. Have had to uninstall/reinstall app numerous times. Very frustrating!! Update. Have had device replaced twice as both faulty. Now the app just keeps closing when trying go look at the data from overnight. Won't open. Keeps flickering and can't connect.
This is a large safety issue. The app does not load the video content unless the app has been force closed and reopened several times. For an expensive camera, the app should be working. Fix this.
Would be nice if it worked , Can't even get it to connect to my owlet.
This app doesnt work at all. I wish that I could give 0 stars. I liked the old app better.
This app is horrible for because it never stays connected to the camera. Constantly disconnects and my wifi signal is always good or excellent. I also can no longer use the camera when i'm away from home. I have to be on the same wifi signal as the camera to view it otherwise it tells me that the camera is disconnected. Before the updates made in the summer I was able to use the view my camera from anywhere. If you want peace of mind at night, buy a monitor, don't use an owlet or wifi camera.
Hot garbage. This app is literal hot garbage. A baby cam has one critical function: give you a live feed of the baby. Not Owlet! It shows you a locked screen from whenever you first opened the app. You literally have a false impression of your babies health. Owlet should fire their Android development team and pour hot oil on them as they leave the office. They then should hire a team of middle schoolers to do a better job.
Terrible connection. Have had this since dec 2019 and have nothing but connection issues. My wifi is good. But the cam is always disconnecting. It only connects over wifi but its always disconnecting. So what good is it really? Gonna just go with a home wifi security system from Amazon instead. I'm sick of dealing with this.
I've had the monitor for 4 days.  Very upset. First night my app stayed open with the camera and sound on all night. Second night, it shut off randomly and i couldn't hear my baby cry. Third night stays on. Fourth night, off again!! My husbands never shuts off. He has a Galaxy 9 and I have a Galaxy 9+. All settings the same. Guess when he works overnights I'll use our old monitor so I can hear my baby!! Please fix this! I didn't spend $150 on a camera for your app to constantly fail!!
Camera disconnects far too often for such an expensive unit. The whole purpose of a camera in the baby's room is for safety. When this crashes, you cannot see or hear your baby and often times without notice. I had to buy and install a separate camera because this is so unreliable...
This app is a dressed up turd. It looks nice but is the buggiest app I've ever used. Took dozens of tries to get my camera paired, still can't get the sock paired. The app just crashes at random points. It does this on all three Android devices in my house, so if the developer tries to respond with it being my devices problem, they are full of s@#$. The app is just bad. If the hardware was not a gift I'd seek a full return.
Awful product/app. Half the time it doesn't even start up without multiple attempts. The apple version work better, but is still buggy. Update: Throwing the camera away. Literally useless. The base unit is less than 20ft from our router. I'd advise new buyers to stay away. The promise doesn't meet reality.
Can I get my money back?
The app is horrible... after reading through some if the reviews it seems as if after the last update is when it got really bad. It constantly says its disconnected from the base station wifi. It base station is working fine and its wifi light it lit indicating that it is working but the app will not connect.. this has been 99% of the time. Occasionally ill turn the app on and it will give me a reading, but the next time I look, its disconnected again. A lot of money for something like that.
App is fine WHEN IT WORKS.. At times, we can't see his heart rate and oxygen levels, as if the base station was turned off. Also, I wish the oxygen level alert went off at 85 instead of 80. An oxygen level of less than 90 is worrisome.
This app is hot garbage. It and the camera constantly forget settings, the app is slow and painful to navigate. The camera is trash, needs to be on battery, needs better WiFi, not secure AT ALL despite what the company says. DO NOT BUY THE SOCK you will give yourself a heart attack, it constantly disconnects and makes you panic.
not working
Video frequently freezes even if playing device is on 5GHz and a different base station. No indication that video is frozen. Recommendation to restart the camera and other devices is ridiculous. So after the baby is asleep, I have to re-enter the room and potentially wake up my child?! Terrible for monitoring a baby at night since you have no faith if the video stream is still live.
The app keeps stopping, the video stops and the signal stops way to often. HELP tech support develop a better app.
I was instructed to download the new app. Now I can't see anything. It keeps deleting the base station from my account. Then I have to go through multiple attempts to re-add my friggin device! This happens every single time I go to the app to check on my infant. Moreover, this new app also logs me out every single time and takes minutes to log me back in. This new app is NOT working correctly. It needs to get a lot of kinks worked out.
It doesn't work. The new app won't detect the Owlet device and they disabled the old app.
Base station and sock work great. Their camera's wifi connectivity is complete garbage. Can't stay connected to my 2.4 GHz or my 5GHz network. What's the point of having this product if it constantly disconnects from wifi?
App always crashes
Bought this for peace of mind. Just got home from the hospital with my newborn. Spend about an hour trying connect to this. Not sure what the purpose of the app is if you connect. Very frustrating and sad. Still unable to connect. Total waist of time and money.
I was using the old app, but decided to download and use this app, because an Owlet employee told me that the old app will eventually be phased out. The new app is extremely slow. It takes a long time to give readings on my baby, and most times when I try to use the app, the sock is trying to connect to the WiFi, which defeats the whole purpose of the app. The old app is more reliable, and the user face is more appealing. The new app is useless, so I have to rely on my baby monitor now.
it keeps breaking down.
this new app is trash, cant register the base station to it. effectively rendering this ridiculously expensive sock useless. garbage.
Sent out a forward update to all cameras which fried them and made them unusable. No answers as to when new cameras will be sent out. Don't go with this product, guaranteed nightmares!
my wife and I went and bought the $150 cam from best buy. we can't get it to work. we can't get the cam to connect. seems like a waste of money to me now.
Because this is to help keep your child safe, its pretty useless to have an app with such a long delay time. Not knowing that my baby is choking until several seconds after the fact is pretty damn scary. Picture quality is very bad also. And the microphone to talk to my baby has never worked
Video feed almost never loads the first couple of trys.
I have an android and the app never works for me to monitor my baby's stats. Called several times and its always the same excuse. "Were in the process of updating". Good concept but horrible trying to fix things
The product it good however it has bad reception we had to buy a wifi enhancer for everthing to link together, and the sock doesn't catter to larger babies . The app is horrible, the app closes itself randomly, it feezers,drains the battery very quickly, and the alarm when the sock slips off doesn't react straight away it can be 5 mintues till it sets off.
It wont allow both my wife and my phones to stay connect to the camera and sock simultaneously. For 400 dollar device pretty disappointing.
Useless app/camera. Slow delayed feed or no feed at all.
Can not get Wi-fi readings, I had try everything. It shows that is disconnected. M
I will soon get in touch with owlet as the app does not work and I cannot check on the security of my baby!!
Horrible
This is HORRIBLE you pay all this money for this camera and the app is absolutley horrible never can connect to see the camera and if you are fortunate to finally connect better enjoy it because it will only last 3 to 5 minutes would not recommend to any one.
Terrible camera/app connection reliability
f*** this f****** piece of s*** garbage wakes my daughter up all the time for connectivity issues don't waste your money on this piece of s***
Wifi set up is abysmal. I can't believe I paid for this piece of junk.
garbage!!! this app is the worst app I had ever seen. it crashes it says it cant read when clearly the base station works, the readings come and go its DISGUSTING you pay 300 plus tax for a non working app gadget....HORRIBLE
Will not recognize our sock. So, today at noon, Owlet will be disabling their "old" Owlet app to force users to use this "new" one. However, the old app recognized our Owlet sock without issue, but this one will not recognize it. This has been happening for a few months now, but I thought, "maybe they're working the bugs". The bug may be the app itself. Today, it is still saying no sock found, but we literally just put the sock on charge from our 6 month old wearing it all night. $300 lost.
App doesnt synch to sock. It is too complicated to manuver and interface sucks to put it gently. Im mad I wasted 400 bucks on something that they make this complicated to set up and use and you have to reset it up almost every time you use it! Too many issues to list!
App is nice when it works. Lately, the camera rarely works. It's like a flip of a coin as to whether it will work or not for his next nap. Last 5 days it hasn''t worked more than it actually has worked. Wifi is strong. Wifi extender is strong. Camera just doesn't want to connect and then randomly it will connect without me changing anything. Great idea just terrible tech. I'm tired of sitting outside the baby's door listening and peeking through a crack because the camera doesn't work properly.
This is the worst app/ product I've ever owned. Had high hopes but its literally useless. 90% of the time it doesn't connect to video. They try and blame it on the wifi connection but I have the best internet Spectrum has to offer. You will honestly put my child at risk using this device.
The old app was working great but got a notice to update my app. I updated to the new app and now it won't even open. I loved the old app and the sock but this new app is not allowing me to see the results or monitor from my phone. Very stressed and disappointed.
Update: had given this app a 3 star but taking it down to 1. This app keeps crashing and refusing to load. Bugs are not fixed and the monitors keeps showing blank screen. Shave yourself money and DO NOT purchase these cameras. They are expensive for absolutely nothing!!!
I cant even download it! It just says 'waiting for download' I've tried for days, there's plenty of space on my phone. This is getting frustrating
Always crashes....worthless on the galaxy note 10+
As of 10-27-2020 app does not handle multitasking at all if the app is opened and left to go to the home screen another, app, or anything for that matter video feed will stop and some times audio will be left for a loop leaving me constantly force close the app and re open it My daughter was born on 06-22-2020 and this app has never worked 100% it's nice the dev gives this a UI change but still can't make the app stable Ive used this app on 2 pixel 3s running 10, now 11 and a Nexus 6P ver 8.1
The new app no longer sees my sock and I've gone through all the troubleshooting steps multiple times.
App can't find the base so now the sock is completely useless.
Wont connect to my base. Very hard to set up with different WiFi network it wanted to use. Didn't track history so I couldn't see why is alarmed red. Paid a lot of money for this and I am very disappointed.
Not letting me log in or even detecting my device. Horrible app that doesn't work. Why did they change it from the one that worked fine before???
The camera is useless. Hardly connects to internet. I placed a Google nest camera next to it and that is always connected. Don't buy.
80% of the time it won't connect wifi with the base, so I am not able to see any of my baby's information. Also, when it actually connects, the times for her sleep patterns are screwed up.
This app doesn't work at all. Terrible baby monitor with this latest update, feeling thankful we have a backup monitor. I have both strong wifi and a full strength 4G signal.
Camera never works, always loading, never connects to wifi, freezes, horrible 5to10 second lag. Never know if your looking at a current video or if it has frozen and your baby is awake or worse in distress. terrible product.
The app rarely shows our baby's readings. You have to leave it open for such a long time to get readings to appear only for them to disappear straight away. It's hard to trust the device, if my baby stops breathing will I be notified? Who knows!
Frustrating app, also ordered an extra sock in November 2019 and it still hasn't shipped and it's February 2020. This company wants you to buy their products and will provide no support after that.
Glitchy app, keeps freezing, only opens property every 5-10 attempts. Really shakes confidence in the products ability to keep baby safe if it can't launch an app
We have had the Owlet for a few months. The connectivity is horrible. We bought it for the bells and whistles, but it cannot do the basics. Not worth the money.
DO NOT BUY THESE PRODUCTS! We spent over $350 to buy the owlet camera and sock. It has been nothing but a headache for the 6 months we've been using it, but we are stuck with. Despite our house having great WIFI the camera needs to be reset every night in hopes for our phones to connect to it. The camera will freeze or audio will cut out in the middle of the night so your baby is crying for you. The sock will randomly lose connection and customer service thinks it's ur fault. Want my $ back!
Won't open when wifi is connected. Background audio turns off when a notification is received. Camera feed occasionally freezes until restarted. Fix that and I'll give more stars. Physical equipment is great, the sock and cam are 5/5, the app is not.
Connectivity issues reguardless of internet speed and app constantly crashes. Way overpriced for subpar performance. Camera is of poor quality and app is completely unreliable. This company should be sued for putting out such an inferior product. Please DO NOT BUY!.
The clarity is alright. I really like the option to zoom in on different areas. I don't think temperature gage is 100% accurate I'm not sure. Constantly goes out and crashes.
Stopped working. I was encouraging friends to get this for piece of mind, but recently, this item is useless. For what i paid, i just want this to connect/work NOW. Please fix what you need to ASAP.
App almoat never picks up signal. So many glitches. I spend more time trying to get it to connect, than I do monitoring my little one. Very fruatrating. Just uninstalled and re installed for the who know how many times.
Very glitchy app. Does not work half the time, either readings don't show or camera doesn't work.
What makes the prblm worse is your cust. support. Everyone knows it is a software/App issue. Why make us go through troubleshooting multiple times just for it to still not work? I have had this device for a month and received multiple alarms, a battery chrg isu. It is hard to distinguish the false readings without being able to see the history, or to take a print out to my daughter Ped. I wanted to buy the camera with it, but what is the use if the software and hardware can not com. Rfnd is next
Update 9/5/20: How does this app have 3 stars?!!! I looked at the positive reviews, the very first one was edited from a bad 1 star to a 5 star in about a months time. Paying for stars thats how!!! Audio issues currently, I love waking up and realizing I haven't been able to hear him for who knows how long. Worst app bugs I've ever experienced. They keep doing updates that fix one thing just to have screwed up another. They need to spend a little bit of money for a decent tech/app developer.
New owlet app will not connect to my device, rarely loads, and overall made my owlet purchase my most regrettable. Previous app was okay but not great wish they would have kept it active so I could actually use the product as intended.
Six months of frustration..this is a waste of technology and equally wasteful app. Constantly loses connection with our internet, constantly having to unplug and reset it. App forces me to close out and restart multiple times before finally showing me the picture. For the price of the equipment, I expected it to be better. All of these horrible reviews and they still haven't fixed th issues.
I left a one star review 4 months ago. I am not prepapred to change that. The app does not work. Per the Owlet customer support they arr aware it does not work and suggest unplugging the base station and force stopping the app. These solutions only work sometimes and only if you keep the owlet app open. Once you naviagte away from the app and go back it is "searching for base station" once again. Not impressed with the app for this very expensive product.
App will not let me log on and monitor anything have to make new accounts everytime and still freezes befor showing me the stats
There is no way to turn off Yellow notifications in the base station on Owlet Sock 3. It keeps on buzzing for stupid reasons. Do NOT buy smart sock 3. Because it won't let you sleep and defeats the whole purpose of this product. Buy version 2 of the product if you have to. But my recommendation is to NOT buy it. Bad product and bad app.
Not worth the money. App never works. It will rarely give me reading results, so who knows if it is actually reading at all through the night. It's not like this app is supposed to do a wide range of things. It doesn't even do it's one job. Side note, customer service is terrible. Wait for a rep and then it just closes you out of the chat while you wait in queue, so you just jump back in and start over. They also can't even update contact info and just tell you to create a new account.
More times than not this app doesnt work. It either takes forever for the app to open, it opens but when you go to the graph section the app closes by itself or when you do go to the graph the data that is shown isnt in sync with the wave lengths.
How can you convince to sell this expensive product when the app doesn't even work properly? I've read all the reviews and have the same exact problem as everyone else. Troubleshooting at all times and it not even connecting to the feed. I think you need to give myself and everyone else their money back.
It doesn't work at all!
Poor app. Constantly crashing
There are so many bugs with this app. Every screen either freezes or shuts down. I still haven't been able to set up the camera.
Can't login to wifi that doesn't have a password. When connecting to wifi the app requires you put in a password for the wifi. We are trying to connect to a network that doesn't have a password, so it will not allow us to setup the device.
Background sound stops after an hour or two. Google pixel 3 and 4.
Original review 7/26 My baby is 9 days old. I have been using this for about a week. How the hell is it already crapping out? $300 piece of junk! Of course I won't be able to get my money back since we purchased it 2 months ago. I am pissed. Update 11/26 We were able to get it working again after HOURS of back & forth. Now 4 months later it is not working AGAIN. I will reiterate my previous point. $300 frigging POS
Issues with wifi connectivity, it's been 3 months and no response from customer service.
This app is complete garbage. It continually disconnects from the camera, will only play sound in the background while the phone is charging, the sound is so delayed that my baby cries for several minutes before it comes through. It also takes ages to connect to the sock. Before coming out with new things, it would be best if you guys fixed the problems that you already have first. The sock is a great idea, but completely worthless if the app doesn't work.
Camera works until you try to go full screen then it just goes black. I've successfully used full screen a handul of times. App is trash. 80% of the time, its connecting to base station. There better products for cheaper prices.
Horrible app, does not load ever laggy horrible picture. I would not trust this to monitor my kids go with a home security system
Poor Registration Experience: On Android when creating a new account, why would you force someone to enter their birthday using a calendar (starting at today), instead of having someone type in their birthdate manually? To enter my birthdate, I have to manually tap the left arrow on the calendar 375 times to get back to my birth month. Horrible user experience before even getting started. Now I'm going to go click 375 times to sign up to make sure my baby will be okay.
The app does not push notifications to phone which makes the sock useless unless. You can carry around the base from room to room and set it up all over again to get live notifications. 😠 Connected care is also not available for Android devices. I would give the app 0 stars if a choice.
Download the latest update and now the app won't load the camera. This app keeps getting worse. This camera is not worth the money.
This app sucks ass...half the time does not work!!
It won't allow me to connect to my Owlette. It can't find the Wifi. The Owlette is less than 2 years old and I only downloaded the new app because it told me the old app would no longer work. I can't get customer service on the phone either. Very upsetting as if this doesn't link before bed tonight, I won't be sleeping. Too anxious.
App rarely works. Camera has good Wifi reception however won't stream video or sound more than half the time. I've tried restarting phone, uninstalling and reinstalling app, etc. to no avail. Basically, this product doesn't do it's job, and at 400$ (with sock) that's a pretty big ripoff. I'm very disappointed and irritated.
Looses signal half of the time
Camera does not work on my phone. Phone is updates, app is updated. Used to work, now it doesn't.
Drains battery like crazy. When I have the Owlet cam connected, Battery usage is considerable (~370mAh/hr or 10%/hr) even with background audio streaming only i.e. sound on on phone on bedside at night w/ screen off. This seems high for just streaming and playing (mostly static) audio. I suggest the app developers take the time to optimize for this common use case.
New update broke the app. Can't click on the guides any more. No testing of the alarms to ensure they're working.
App won't start up. Keeps kicking me out. Weak sauce.
The app and hardware sound great, but the cam stops working often. I called help desk and they told me it sounds like an app issue. If it were hardware issue they could warranty it. Um...they work hand in hand. I have android and wife has apple. It splits (not evemly) when it wants to work for either (and yes one email). Super frustrated I let my kid "cry it out" unintentionally. I am not happy. The sock works decently. The cam does not. More than a year after this review and same issues...
Sound is doesn’t work on android devices... Application is not stable!!!! Uninstall - install apk doesn’t help... Also I installed on my phone, tablet and virtual machine still same... Also iOS app works better but crashes on when you click full screen... so this system needs improvement... right now it’s trash don’t spend your money...
I've never written a review, but it's literally the worst app I've ever downloaded. Most of the time, I can't even get a reading from my child's smart sock -it just says connecting. Sometimes it says I haven't created an account, & sometimes the app won't even open! IF it works, the time appears wrong in my history - it will give me readings for times she wasn't wearing it, but no data for times she was. Glad I paid so much for this sock just to not have the app work. Absolutely ridiculous.
The product was meticulously designed and the app was an after thought. Everytime I open the app, the app responds like it's my first time accessing it. Also, I have multiple mobile devices with the app and I have to manually each owlet device to each mobile device. Come on guys, put some more time into this.
App is horribly glitchy. It will be working fine one minute then unable to connect the next. The only way to fix it is a timely and frustrating process in which the sock must be connected to the base, if it happens when babe is already wearing sock you are SOL. The sock and base appear to still work when the app won't connect, but frankly my trust is broken. This is a known issue that has gone on for months. Don't understand how they've not been able to fix it!? Considering the price especially!
Fix the App! I was having connection issues with the base. I chatted with customer support and was told the sensor was going out. So I replaced it, did not fix the issue. Then was told the base was faulty and needed to be replaced. So I bought the newer version, all to still have the same problem!!! Fix your app. We pay a lot of money for your product!
Development needs a lot of work, I feel bad this company could have been successful however their tech is garbage
Camera will only connect about 10% of the time. Sock works great. Just need to get the camera fixed.
Latest update has made the camera useless. Constantly shows as disconnected and has to be deleted and re-added.
Horrible. What a waste of money. Don't even bother. Camera rarely ever works and the sock randomly alerts for no reason. Absolute garbage and definitely not worth the price.
This app is amazing when it works. But when it doesn't, it defeats the whole purpose. I have been unable to see real time information for a couple of weeks now. It just continually says connecting. I have tried deleting and reinstalling several times. My child recently had a red alert, and when we were panicking, the app wouldn't even show is what was going on. Thankfully everything is fine, but this does not provide peace of mind like it did in the past. Do better owlet!
The new app failed to migrate my owlet sock to the new version from my old account. Beyond that, when i set up the new app, it disconnected my wife's iphone app from the base. When we got her reconnected, the new owlet app is stuck at connecting. Im sure if it actually worked, the app would be considered an improvement, but definitely not now.
This app and can was phenomenal when we first got it. But we have had nothing but connectivity issues the last few months. We have restarted the modem, the camera, our devices and have had to reconnect multiple times. DO NOT go this route. Get a traditional camera system that is not wifi.
Alert notifications for the sock come 5 minutes later than my wife's iPhone. This is even after turning off battery optimization. Late notifications negate the app's usefulness and is concerning considering what the sock is monitoring. Regarding the app, connecting to the base station is slow but otherwise fine. Pixel 4 XL.
App keeps stopping and disconcerting!
Having issues with video connection. It comes and goes, then freezes. I have to back out of app multiple times before it works. I'm constantly repeat this process. It's annoying.
I have tried emailing but I have not heard back from customer care. The app is stuck on "connecting..." so it is useless. You can still use it with just the base station but I would like the app features to know what is going on with my baby. Very frustrating. Lately, we have had false alarms every night so it would be nice to see on the app of it is false alarms or really her oxygen dipping down to low or what.
Crashes constantly. Closees in the middle of the night.
Update: New Android Update doesn't allow me to open the App anymore. Tried uninstalling and now it won't let me login. Just terrible! It keeps crashing on my Pixel 4. I need this to work to check on my baby. This equipment is quite expensive. To not be able to use it is a terrible experience.
SAVE YOUR MONEY! Base is extremely difficult to set up even if you have an iPhone. I had to contact customer support for over 2 hours and still no one could help. When base finally did pair with my home wifi it barely worked. Always loses signal and woke us up because the sock couldn't find the base. A waste of time, money and aggravation. Great idea, friendly customer service when available, horrible product and worse app.
this app always disconnects. The login will disappear. when you review the history the time doesnt match up with the actual time it happened. its an amazing idea and a great app when its working. otherwise it wakes me up at night with anxiety that something is wrong when really its just the app.
Thanks for the warning the damned thing no longer works. Followed the directions, still won't set up. It's 10pm. Didn't need to sleep or anything. Good thing this app doesn't do anything IMPORTANT! Dumbasses.
App Connectivity Stinks. Frequently the sock totally disappears from the app and I have to re add it. If its plugged in, it just says charging,but won't say what percent charged it is unless you unplug it. Frequently, I open the app and don't get any status or readings. I have an Android and my wife has an iPhone, most of the time one of us can see the current status and the other the history, but neither of us can see both. Have reset multiple times and same issues. Contacted support, no help
This camera doesnt work still. Months later and they still haven't fixed it. Dont buy this overpriced brick. Make sure you all go to amazon and leave a negative review as well.
The app is trash. It doesn't even work half the time!
App stopped finding base station. Uninstalled and reinstalled, still not working. Too much money for these problems.
Terrible! I want to say first that I loved this product in 2017 with my first child, when it actually worked! Now that they've switched to this new app I've only been able to see live readings TWICE in the past 7 weeks. As of last week I was no longer able to see the overnight readings. Last night we got 2 alerts that our 7 week old babies HR was too high, however was not able to view live readings. I'm super disappointed that this product has gone down hill. Update your app!!!
If I could give it less than one star I would. Always struggles to connect to the base station. Feel like iv been ripped off and wasted my money.
There are a few problems with this app. The first problem is it connects over wifi. The problem with this is if your internet stops or is spotty it makes the whole thing useless. The second is if the sock is on exactly right it gives false reading often times setting alarms off and scarring new parents. The third and worst in my opinion is when an alarm was going off and I opened the app to see why instead of showing me the readings it asked me to rate the app.
i paid way to much for this for the app to not work 99% of the time
junk would not even connect
Ugh frustrating app sock & cam. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app. The connecting window keeps rendering. The sock has caused false alerts and alarms and now the base station struggles to connect to the app. The web cam is finicky and doesn't work 90% of the time. Tech support is hard to get a hold off on the phone. I'm glad there is a chat feature but that doesn't help for everything.
app has issues with our twins. we have 2 owlets and I have set up each to each child however this new app doesn't seem to work at all. we had to go back to the original app where my wife and I have to have separate apps on each of our phones and one child per phone.
The app is completely unreliable. It fails to load, won't login with my account, and crashes constantly. We dont use the sock, only the cam, and for $400 for the bundle, its really not worth the money.
This app is terrible. It won't stay connect for even an hour. What's the point of spending the money if your product doesn't work. Stay away if you want to use the app. It's been 3 weeks of difficulty getting readings and searching for base.
Never connects. When it does, it's very inconsistent and gives false alarms. Very discouraging to pay for a product to monitor our newborn and not get our money's worth.
Wow, the new "update" from two days ago is even worse! My son has been asleep for an hour and it hasn't recorded anything since before then! Also, my son was extremely angry a few nights ago - I'm talking screaming his head off! Ten minutes later, the alert goes off - my son was asleep by then and his heart rate was just fine! I am so tired of this app!
So disappointed! For such an expensive product, the app is disgraceful. I have lost my confidence in the sock/app alerting me about my babies wellbeing. The app freezes constantly and is too slow to give alerts. If the app improves I will update this review, but at the moment I wish I could get my money back for the Owlet.
App is Garbage. It doesn't work the majority of the time. It is constantly searching for base station. When it works it is great, but the app barely works so it is a waste.
Camera lags pretty badly and sound cuts out, sock disconnects from wifi randomly. Pretty displeased with whole bundle at this point. Definitely not worth the price. Customer service is very helpful though. Edit: my baby turned one just days ago and the sock died. Barely lasted a year. 😠
The app is great when it works, but periodically, it'll lose contact with all its devices. Adding the camera is still buggy and reconnecting the sock sometimes doesn't work. advice from support is to unplug everything, uninstall the app, and reregister everything all over again. I don't feel safer knowing that this isn't reliable.
This is ridiculous all it says is connecting! This issue needs to be fixed.
Shotty app. I try to see past stats and it tells me there aren't any but has them hours before or after. I asked for help with the app not working since I tried to show the hospital her dips... the representative brushed me off. I have contact them twice now for the same issue. I get current stats but the time and the stats don't line up in the history tab. Very disappointing. The update never fixed it either. Would also like to be able to adjust the warning range as well. 80 is too low.
Camera could not connect to my wifi. I need to use 2.4GHz instead of my 5G wifi and then I need to turn the wifi from 802.11bgn to just 802.11bg (as instructed by Owlet support) to get it to connect. This trash monitor requires me to tune down my wifi in order to make it work.
If I could give this no stars I would. It's the middle of the night and we have lost connection to the base again. There shouldn't be an app for this device. There should be a specific device that comes with this product. I will be returning the device tomorrow and purchasing something I can rely on for peace of mind. This is a childs life. Don't sell a product you cant support.
It will not connect at all.
App is buggy, hardware looses network connection often, overall a very bad experience for an expensive set of products (both sock and camera)
Latest update has rendered the devices usless. Unable to watch video or use sock. Buyer beware.
This is an expensive product. The app should work. The camera reads a different temperature than two other thermometers in the same location. App camera feature is choppy, picture freezes often, when picture is enlarged it froze my entire phone. Sound is choppy, cuts in and out, has a lot of white noise in the background. Heart rate and sats seem to work okay. When my husband is at work he cannot look in the app check on our daughter. App freezes for longer periods of time.
Stay away from this product. We are lucky if it will read after 30-45 minutes. Most of the time it is telling us that the baby is moving so it is not reading, even though the baby is not moving.
Always disconnects . .. have to re-register constantly
The idea of this owlet system/app seems too good to be true. That's because it is. The sock continuously gave false readings causing unnecessary stress, especially for new parents like us. Its absolutely terrifying when the alarm goes off and you think your newborn is dying. Our pediatrician even said they don't recommend it. Also the app sucks. We constantly have to close out and reopen to get it to work. Plus the app needs to stay open for the baby monitor to work.
app not working or connecting
Does not work
So I love this concept, constant monitoring for my girl, but she literally can't be moving at all.. she has to be perfectly still for it to read and it takes a while to get a reading.. a normal pulse oxometer you can move and it will still read.. it does alert me when it's not on correct which is nice.. the camera is good also. Interactive, 2 way voice and tells me the temp is right in her room..
Well I think if someone is paying 160$ for a product then the app should work 98% of the time, and you shouldn't get all the glitches. I loved this for the first 2 weeks i had it. And in the last 6 months. It has been one problem after the next. It is very frustrating. The app has signed me out, says i need a new login and will not allow me to make one. Therefore i CANNOT use my monitor at all... not worth the money spent in my opinion!
Camera frequently doesn't connect to the app and I have to go into the nursery which wakes him up.
constant glitches and random disconnecting. would be amazing products if the app didn't suck so bad.
CAMERA DOES NOT WORK!! If you are able to connect the camera successfully it will not last long. Customer Service is less than helpful, telling you that the problem is your internet not their product. I bought a 2.4ghz 750mpbs WiFi extender put it in the same room as the camera & it won't even connect anymore. I am returning this item. BUYER BEWARE!
Maybe fix your app first instead of coming out with a new generation of sock..... I know I didn't spend all this money to be staring at the start screen or trying to constantly connect to base station.
Do not download the latest update! After the last update, the app does not load video or audio about 75% of the time. It also doesn't show the room temperature anymore. If there is no signal, it shows you an old screenshot from when you last had signal instead of letting you know there's a problem (So for all you know, there could be a troop of dancing bears in your kids room, but it looks like everything is normal).
Android app major issues. Freezes when trying to go full screen video. Works fine on the apple platform. Very expensive setup for such a poor app.
The app sucks! Keeps crashing out. The cam won't stay connected to Wi-Fi despite a strong signal. The owlet base must be in the same room as the sock or it loses connectivity and alarms. Wakes my little one up unnecessarily. For the price, I'm not impressed.
Terrible upgrade! Loses connection with the monitor ALL THE TIME, along with my child's profile while he's wearing it (so I can't check on him throughout the night). I just hassled through connecting an hour ago and everything is already lost- TERRIBLE update and complete waste of money if the app doesn't work! Wish I could return it at this point for one more reliable.
App setup - Extremely buggy, had to force close several times. Camera - Connectivity issues. So frustrating. Also- need to be able to listen to what's happening in the room while using phone for other things. Sock - Awesome. Sleep graph - Always showing incorrect info, So many bugs. Hard to trust app with so many problems. Doesn't inspire confidence in your company or products when the app is this bad. Overall sock would get a 5, this app would get 0 stars if I could.
I've never written a bad review before, but this app is terrible. Everytime I open the app, I have issues with either the video or the sound. For something that is supposed to give me peace of mind, it causes a lot of stress. It needs a new update yesterday.
App constantly has issues connecting to base station... doesn't notify when it's not connecting... requires me to unplug base station to get working...
I can not even own the app. Uninstalled and then re installed with zero luck. When the app did work it was constantly loading. Mind you I literally have wifi just for this camera so it is not my connection. For as much as the products cost you would think it would be of better quality.
Very disappointed in this product. Not reliable camera. Half of the time I can't get the video up when I need it. I figured it was our internet, so I upgraded our internet to fiber and now when the owlet connects it's a clear video, but it only connects on the first try less than 50% of the time. Time after time when I've needed to quickly look at my child I've been forced to look at a black screen as it fails to connect. I've updated, I've reinstalled, I've factory reset... I'm fed up.
Constantly freezing or refusing to load. I mean what is the point of having such an expensive camera that I cannot access most of the time?
Still HORRIBLE APP, I'd give it negative 🌟s if I could! The sock disconnects all the time. The camera part is terrible. I have to re-pair ALL the time, doesn't transmit most of the time and when it does it is extremely delayed (useless). . Waste of money!
I never even got to use this product because I could never get it to connect to WiFi. I tried everything for 2 days but ended up just returning the product.
If you're buying the sock expecting to be able to use the app, don't. Our sock works fine, but I think I've had it working in this app for about 1 out of 8 weeks since our daughter has been born. We've reset it several times and just when I thought I had it connected, I went to check the app and it said we don't have any devices set up..
Glitchy App - makes for useless $200 monitor
The app works fine 85% of the time. Unfortunately the rest of the time its stuck reconnecting or stuttering. Lately its been awful.. I'd return the camera if I could at this point.
I keep getting notifications to close my old app and use the new app. I use both. The new app only shows me graphs of his sleep pattern. I am unable to turn The base station on or off. Unable to view live readings. Unable to view if base station is charging or on. I hope that this is all magically fixed by tomorrow 12pm when the old app says they will disable the app.
This app used to work ok but now it can't find the base station half the time and it takes opening and closing it 10 times to finally get it working. Pretty disappointed when you spend that much money on something you at least expect it to function. Take some of that cheddar and invest it on some significant upgrades to the app please.
Rarely works. Waste of money.
I'd give it 0 stars if I could. I can't use the full screen mode, the app is always crashing, and I can't even watch my child becasue it keeps telling me to add a child profile and not logging me in. This was the biggest waste of money I have ever seen. I've gone back to using just the hand held noise monitor and feel more confident in those than the Owlet. ****just wanted to update and let you know I still Hate this product. Video feed is always freezing and often times gives a error message.
Wifi connection is horrible. Setting up devices is impossible without practically touching the router, and the sock base station wakes me up in the middle of the night saying it can't find a signal, only to decide it found one as soon as I'm irreversibly awake. Base station is literally sitting on top of wifi hotspot, baby with sock is 3' away, nothing between the three. When I turn station off in hopes of sleeping the alarm keeps going off anyway. All vital signs show normal.
Got an Owlet Sock in June at the baby shower, just had my daughter on July 10th, just got home from the hospital today (July 12th), finally went to install the app and set up the device for my 2 day old child, and here I am leaving a bad review because I still can't get the device connected to my Samsung Galaxy S7. I'm stuck at the screen that says to choose a device to connect to, yet it's saying no devices are available. And after reading other reviews, I see this is a common issue 😠
When the camera works it has really good video! But the app itself need alot of work and notifications! Dont waste your money until they really fix all this issues! Im returning my camera asap and sticking to a regular monitor where i can listen to my kid through and not unti its too late!...gave it anotjer try since my kid broke my monitor! And noup still sucks you dont get video only on wifi home not on mobil network just horrible. Guuuuy still suck fix it!!! Its no a 40.00 camera!!!
App does NOT work. There is no historical data to view and it makes me wonder if it has ever worked. Contacted customer service chat and was told to uninstall and reinstall the app... nothing. Waited on hold for phone customer service for 30 minutes and gave up. For the price of this device, you would expect the app to at least function on a minimal level.
The app just stopped working. My baby is asleep and it isnt connecting, I can't move past the login!
Not reliable. Stops working which is terrifying seeing as it is monitoring your baby's heartrate and o2 level.
I would not recommend owlet cam. sound goes out as well as the camera. Its delaying has frustrated. In order to keep a current view of my child. I have to exit/force close the app, then get back in. If I don't the camera delays shows me my baby is asleep. when she actually isn't. I don't own the sock. With or without the sock there's no type of special features. However this product basically is pretty much worthless. The camera ALONE. For the price of this product just not worth it. For a few bucks more of what this item is worth you can actually get an indoor/outdoor Security camera with usefull multiple features. I'd Love To Get My defund for this useless item.
This new app is horrible after working through many bugs in the 1st app we now have to figure out a new one with new problems wish we would have never bought this product. Only thing good that has came is that my wife and I can argue late at night and still love each other in the morning. I will never buy this product again
You would think that a smart sock this expensive would give you useful information, except the app is so useless it defeats the purpose of the sock. The base for the sock can't even connect to the app so I can't see my babies heart rate or oxygen levels at all. The only "help" I've gotten from this company is to wait for the next update. Not surprised when the app updates and nothing is fixed. Don't waste your time.
Whenever you try to see the O2 and Heart rate, just says connecting and nothing else and doesn't connect. Uninstalled and Re-installed and no fix. Please fix this. Worked on the old app great.
Constantly crashes! I have to constantly reinstall the app, restart my phone, and fiddle with my wifi to get this app to work. It's great when it decides to work but it's so frustrating to deal with!
Absolutely awful app. The historical graph is the worst as sometimes the data will have a time offset forward in time and it won't let me scroll to the right to see it.
Was good when first bought it. Changed wifi password and cannot get it to reconnect. Have spoke to 2 reps and even had it unplugged for 3+ months. $400 system and can't even use it.
The sock itself is great. The old app was great. This new app needs work. I like the new features, but at least once a week I have to resync the sock to the app. I never had that problem with the old app. I wish I had the option to use the old app until this one worked better.
Sock works great, and the camera quality is good when it can actually connect to the network. The app is garbage! The company really needs to invest in its 5Ghz wifi compatibility. With all of the issues we have had, I would not recommend this product line to anyone!
app keeps closing! got as far as pairing the camera and now it won't reopen...super annoyed considering it's so expensive
does not connect very well and when it does finally connect it disconnects after a few minutes.
always logs out, very frustrating. an updated app would be great minus the bugs!
does not work as smooth as the original. sock glitches. can't seem to pair my owlet camera. no manual method of camera entry. super disappointed
App experience is terrible. Can't exit by hitting back, adding the sock to a second account removes it fron the first, won't let my spouse logout so we can use one account.
Dreadful and lacking quality support. The smart sock will spontaneously stop reporting with the latest update and the camera freezes along with halted audio. What a disaster of an app. I really want to get my money back.
The worst app and camera for baby monitoring!
0 stars if i could. Camera was constantly disconnecting from the internet and when it wasn't, the camera feed was always stuck on loading. Think we received one actual update in the year and a half we had it. Switched to a much cheaper Blink Mini for $25 and it runs flawlessly. Get it together Owlet.
I absolutely love that I paid premium price for a camera that I have to wait 10 minutes for the app to sync up to. Oh, and don't forget the feature where the video feed freezes every few minutes after it finally comes. Sarcasm aside, this was my one splurge item I purchased when preparing for my baby. Your app is so unreliable that I can not montior my baby with it.... What it is made for....Can you guys please get it together. From the reviews I have been reading I'm not the only one.
Received the camera and sock as a gift from my in-laws. For $500 you get a camera that randomly stops working and an app that lags to the point of not being usable. It is particularly then the app is switched into the background. If you are a parent looking for peace of mind look elsewhere. This equipment does not perform its basic function: being a baby monitor. A problem that we have had solved since at least the 80's for farr less than $500.
The app doesn't work, so the product doesn't work because you're not notified of readings. Will not refund the product since we're past our 45 days of purchase. Problem is, people buy the sock before the child arrives. Now that said child is here and I'm using the product, I am just now realizing the app doesn't work, so I wasted $450 on a product I can't use. What a joke of a company.
Premium priced product with low quality app. Camera/app has consistently been an issue and hasn't worked at all for the last few days. Not sure if it's server side or issues with the app, but definately not what you'd expect from a quality product.
Trash!!!!
The camera is great and the app is nice when it actually works. Half of the time, the app is crashing and closing itself. So, how am I going to be able to hear my daughter in the middle of the night if the app is going to continously crash and close out?
Crashes immediately upon opening. Not usable. Keep the old app if you can!
App is garbage. Works 10% of the time. Sock3 does not connect or does not get readings. Unreliable, buggy and ill designed.0 stars. Don't waste your money on this product.
The app stops working and when it is working its not graphing anything. What's the point?
The app gets a 0, but I'm giving the Owlet Cam product a 1 star. Here's why.. Yesterday my husband came home with the Owlet Cam. I was sceptical given our experience with the Sock. The Cam sends the video feed to your phone. The camera itself has great quality and is easily adjustable, HOWEVER, the app turns itself off at various times, INCLUDING in the middle of the night.. you know... when you need to hear when your baby wakes up. So yeah. The app gets a 0.
When a new parent wants a baby monitor, the first thing that baby monitor should be is reliable. This has not been reliable at all. The sock monitor never worked for us, and the camera was spotty at best until it completely stopped working all together. As a first time mom, this is unacceptable. Especially for the price. 24-hour Customer Support would also be appreciated, but alas, it doesn't exist with this company. Would not recommend. 0 Stars if that was an option. Just wish it worked
This app is horrible, it always has issues with connecting to the camera. What Is the point of having a video monitor if you can't connect. I would not suggest this monitor to anyone.
This app never works. It's very frustrating as a new mom when you pay over 400 dollars for an item because of its features, like an app where you can check on your babys status as much as you need -just to have the app never work! Multiple times a week I am having to uninstall the app, unplug the base station, re plug it in, log in/log out. Im constantly having to reset it. I shouldn't have to sneak into my babys room to try and unplug the base station to do a reset because the app cant connect.
Doesn't stay on closes and stops showing anything I wish I could get our money back
Extremely unreliable. The sock readings work fine but the camera is a joke. My app has been trying to load the cam feed for ten minutes. Tried restarting the app, still won't work. It's been spotty like this since day one and we've been using it for over ten months.
Mandatory reviews to get back to functionality get 1 star
Extremely disappointed that we spent $299 on this and can't even get the app to work most of the time. If you don't care to use the app or see real time stats then this product is for you. We've tried all the suggestions to reset everything, force closing the app, reinstalling and nothing works.
Worked fine till recently. So I unfortunately downloaded the update without looking at reviews...and now my camera is useless.
Keeps crashing
Terrible! For the first week, the app was great. Then it went downhill. The app is always searching for the base station. I've contacted Owlet support via Chat, Email and Facebook, and every time they take me through the troubleshooting processes that do not work, to then be told its an issue with the app that they have to work on. Its been 3 months! I paid A LOT to have something that doesn't work and its infuriating!!
This app is an epic disaster. The camera loads maybe 20% of the time but only if I close all other apps on my phone. I bought a $20 camera on Amazon & it works perfectly. I received this as a gift, otherwise I would've returned it. Straight up garbage. BTW I never used the sock. I have zero confidence in its reliability given the camera's track record. Get it together, Owlet.
This app was formerly great, however a recent firmware update has rendered it more or less useless. The temperature in the room rarely displayed, the video freezes very often and the sound often cuts out for extended periods of time. Happy to change this review once these issues are fixed, as I said it was a great app and product before all of this. Edit: just bought an Oricom instead, it connects everytime and is fantastic, highly recommend... Fare thee well Owlet.
Way too buggy I dont have the sock and it keeps alerting me that the sock is disconnected.
This product gives great peace of mind but the app is terrible. If the base station and baby were not sleeping in our room I would not trust the app to notify us if there were a problem. I agree with other reviews that it only works about 25% of the time without having to reset.
Disappointing... Seems product is still beta testing! Bought the cam and bracelet for £379 and at that price I'd expect a flawless app. Product cannot connect to a hidden WiFi network and there is no option to enter WiFi details manually. So unless your WiFi is broadcasting its SSID you cannot use the owlet. Also had other issues with bracelet readings, so will be returning the product. Very much get the impression this isn't a finished product yet... Shame!
This app is absolutely garbage. You pay almost 300 dollars for a sock and the supporting app is terrible. Graphs don't update. App crashes every time I load it. Messaged the developers. Twice. It's been over a month. No reply. Thanks for garbage. Should've thrown my money in a fireplace, would've made a better investment.
Buggy and unreliable
App and base never seems to stay connected. I turn my phone off and on to see "app is searching for base." For the amount of money I'm buying this for, I shouldn't have to be dealing with this problem. I have enough stress worrying about my child when I go to bed and to see this product not working makes me even more stressed.
So many connection issues. Works when it works no good when it doesn't which is too often. I'm regretting spending so much on this product
Can't connect to my camera and it won't show reading, I'm frustrated.
Worked fine at first but it keeps crashing and won't open. Tried restarting my phone and reinstalling it but nothing seems to work.
It worked great the first 3 months, then out of blue I have to keep reconnecting the camera up to 3 times a day. I've talked to support, and they just make me go through the same reconnecting steps over and over again. I really liked this camera at first but it really turned out to be a waste of money. For the past 4 days the camera won't connect AT ALL. And because of this I'm not sleeping. I am making the switch to Miku, hoping it will go better.
Easily hands down the WORST app experience ever. It does nothing but freeze. This happens on my up-to-date Android phone, tablet, Chromebook, you name it... also on my wife's iPhone, thought not as much. This app and device is horrible. Also - FWIW, I work in IT, so I am no stranger to troubleshooting. All of the issues stem from the app development and the engineers that have no idea what they're doing. Don't buy the Owlet cam, it's worthless.
Same issues as others with the camera sice the update. We spent a lot of money for this, and now will need to purchase something different, because I cannot rely on the readings, video or audio to be properly loaded. If it doesnt connect to the sock or camera, then it cannot keep your baby safe. Not worth the money, at all!
Has lots of connection issues needs to work out bugs for new updates old one worked better
Went from an ok experience with the old app, to complete garbage. Nothing works anymore. Can't turn base station on or off, can't view oxygen or pulse levels, constant false alarms. It's terrible
the device is awesome but there is so much wrong about this app i don't even know where to start
Garbage connection no matter how good my internet gets.
The new update is much better, but with one major flaw. We can't view the video in full screen with our Pixel 4s, all we get is a black phone screen.
Update: most recent cam update seems to have killed it, now the camera disconnects constantly. So frustrating.
App always has trouble finding the base station. I have to unplug the base station every time I load the app. The sock works fine but if there was ever an alert, I am afraid I won't be able to see what the alert is about because the app doesn't connect. It kind of makes the sock useless and it costs way too much for it not to work the way it's designed to.
Truly the worst app in my baby care arsenal. Not a day goes by that I regret buying this over the nanit.
Lots of connection errors
Payed such money for it not to work on Android. I use my iPhone from work and behold the app works the way it's supposed to. Will be returning if support doesn't help.
App is all over the place disconnects, but doesn't alarm.
Make the Cam work with Alexa
constantly loses connection. this product is garbage.
Fix the error messages and let me finish my account creation. I didnt pay $300 for errors. Terrible terrible treatment for consumers.
The video monitor is the most frustrating piece of technology I have. Although the picture and sound are good, it doesn't make up for the fact that the app CONSTANTLY freezes. I then have to close it out and wait minutes for it to reconnect only to freeze again minutes later. I know it isn't our internet quality because all of our other technology works fine, including other bluetooth connections. I'm also not trying to connect from far away, just the next room over from our baby.
Camera loading is slow, unreliable and generally defeats the purpose of the device giving you peace of mind. This isn't a free app, its attached to $500 of equipment, but as buggy/laggy as a free app.
New app doesn't give me real time status.. keeps on saying connecting. The old app worked but now forced to use the new useless app. I have to rely on my wife's iPhone for stats. I can view historical stats but doesn't help when I need real time. I have Android 10 and Pixel 2 XL. Very disappointed.
App is terrible. Never connects to the base except when the sock is plugged in.
The app interrupts you to ask it to rate it, then crashes when you pick a rating... The app is buggy in general, the camera disconnected so much that we just threw it out and got a different brand.
Garbage. App takes forever to connect to station, despite excellent Wifi coverage. If you remove the sock without turning it off, it takes two minutes to ring an alarm. How this is supposed to give you peace of mind escapes me. Good idea, but poor implementation.
App rarely displays graphs correctly. App continues to throw audible connection alarms though its been set to no sound. Night to night usage of the sock itself is great but don't the app itself is virtually useless in its current state. For $300 I expected much better. At the very least a functional app experience.
App has been a straight piece of garbage since we got it the camera. Takes forever to load if it ever does. What's the point? It worked amazing for about a total of 7 days over the last year or so. I'll be tossing it in the garbage soon our new one comes in.
Since July 2020 terrible. The last update it's awful. Half the time there's no audio, the other half the video freezes. This was decent before, but now it's useless.
Doesn't always connect to base to show biometrics
App constantly disconnects and is "searching for the base station". On multiple devices. For the money, this thing should be solid. A complete disconnect however infrequent is just unacceptable.
Don't buy this product!! It's a waste of money
I can't begin to describe how frustrated I am. I am on my third sensor. After going numerous converts with customer service, resetting the base, uninstalling and reinstalling the app, amongst other directions, the app is still "connecting to base" and does not give me any readings. Customer service has always been pleasant but that does not rectify the issue. For the amount of money I spent on this product, I shouldn't be experiencing THIS MANY issues!
always gives false low oxygen
Terrible service. It constantly disconnects from the smart sock until I reconnect by going through the setup process again. Absolutely rediculous and unacceptable for such an expensive product. Also, why can't your engineers create one app? You have two and a beta app on Android and three on iOS. Non appear compatible with each other. There's also very little information on which app to use. Did you just hire a couple English major college interns for your development and engineering teams?
This app is terrible and unacceptable for such an expensive product. I'm likely returning my owlet sock because this disconnects from the base nonstop and it will not reconnect. I'm so beyond frustrated.
Trash. Bought it because of the pulse ox, within a week the video freezes, have to constantly restart the app. The alarm goes off randomly- sometimes its too sensitive and sometimes it doesn't detect crying.
Really liked the other app. This one is just not nearly as user friendly. Plus I HATE that you have to completely re-setup your device. The sock was already on my sleeping baby when it made me switch apps. I had to wake her up to redo everything. Very inconvenient....
Crashes as soon as it launches
the camera video buffers alot and wont show up constantly on my phone. I have to keep connecting it to the wifi but that doesnt always work either.
It's not even accurate. I took it off my babies foot and laid it down. It was not being touched. It would say wiggling and then give me different readings for at least a minute straight before notifying me it wasn't able to get a reading. On top of all the crashing the app does. What a scam.
The tech support is awful and has now 5 times failed to help me set up my sock base; the app is just worthless at explaining anything, overall disappointed with the company/product due to a lack of sufficient customer service. Could be a great product but how would you know when you can't even use it.
Problems with connecting to the base. The camera doesnt stay connected. Very fustrating when you need to check on your baby in the middle of the night and it doesnt load. The cost is high for a product that doesnt always work. The sock just doesnt work at all any more and my baby isnt even 3 months & App freezes.
Refused to open after a month. No changes to my device
Considering returning device because app is not even opening at all anymore. What an expensive device with such a terrible app. And without the app the entire device is useless unless you are in the same room because the alarm isn't very loud on the base.
On the rare times that the camera and sound actually "work" it lags a ton. Wish I had just gotten a monitor with a screen.
Waste of money and time!!! It took me hours to configure the sock and when it was finally configured, the app lost the base station completly and I was forced to reinstall (in a very long process, and it still doesnt work). Support is useless. I'm a new mother, my tine is precious and I have spent so much of it trying to make the app work. thw canera DOESNT WORK! It has a 5 min delay! How can they sell this if it doesnt work? What a shame.
Update 20th January : not a single answer from customer service. I've contacted the support by email several time and they do not answer. Cant login in the app, cant reset the password, cant access to my baby s data. On top of that the base station keep disconnecting despite the wifi is a meter away. The main idea that this company came up with is very smart and very useful, their execution is poor and their lack of help is upsetting considering the price that the device costs.
The app doesn't load half the time and when it does the camera freezes half the time.
I loved the old app. But since I was forced to download this one instead I've had nothing but problems. It won't recognize my base so I can't check any of my premature, NICU son's stats. This was such an expensive device to not have all functions working properly.
Doesn't connect
The connection issues for the sock need to be fixed. (I only purchased the sock because of the connection issue reviews for the camera had the same situation but unlike the camera, I couldn't get the sock in a different brand and still really wanted the peace of mind.) It sucks that the connection issues to the app are so common however I honestly still sleep better at night knowing at the bare minimum the base will signal an alert if something is wrong.
Couldn't have made a more useless app that literally never works with the camera
This app freezes way too much. Not worth the money. There are so many other options camera/monitor wise.
For being so expensive the camera and sock don't work consistently. We are constantly having wifi-connectivity problems. Our wifi works fine, the owlet camera does not. Also, it isn't set up for 5G wifi.
No audio setting.I Can't hear my baby. Bad manual ever I see. The vedio is excellent however audio is not working. And couldn't get any guidance from Owlet to fix such problems. Sad.
Constant problems from a product that is expensive. I've had multiple instances already where Owlet had a failure with their app and you uninstall and reinstall. Its midnight and my camera is down because their servers are down. My camera should not be reliant on your servers when I'm connected to the same wifi running the camera! They expect you to then troubleshoot the camera while you have a sleeping baby beneath you. 45 day satisfaction from purchase date. I'm beyond that and fed up!
This company has a software problem and hasn't been able to fix it. We're on our second camera and second download of the "New Owlet" app. This app on Android is buggy. When trying to pair the "New Owlet" it gets hung up. My wife & I have spent 12+ hours on the phone w/ customer care, setting up our now second camera they mailed us, downloading a new app, waiting to pair the app and pair the app again with the camera. Customer service is friendly but software quality control is terrible.
Forced to create a new account for the new app? Sending email to confirm email address? Server down? At 11:45pm, when trying to figure out why our Owlet does not work? Yep.
The actual owlet products (sock, base, and camera) are excellent and were well worth the money that we spent. The Android app is a major disappointment. My wife has an iPhone and the owlet app works great. She has no problems with the app crashing, she gets live updates, and it overall works as it is supposed to. With the android app it consistently crashes every time it is opened, it takes way too long to get updates on the baby's sleep pattern and it's just overall a poorly developed app.
Forced to download this new app for it to not work..AT ALL!!! I never really had a problem with the old app so idk why we needed to download this one. I love the smart sock itself and it has given me such a piece of mind but with how expensive it is you would think the app would work! This new app is terrible! Keeps saying it cannot find my base station when I'm sitting right next to it!! Thank god the sock and base station connect without the app or this product would never work!
This was great at first. However they need to make it compatible for 5.0 gHz internet speeds. Also it needs to be constantly restarted and all their tech support does to help you is send you everywhere else they told me it was my internet providers fault. They do not offer to fix, replace or after every option has been exhausted reimburse you. I am sorry but I would not recommend this product and if I were you I would go with the Blink cameras as they are far more reliable and easier to set up.
App doesn't work correctly. We have been having issues with the history for weeks, per the customer service rep a new app should have been released on Friday to fix issues - however, doesn't appear that one was. Also, if you are trying to rock baby to sleep and tap baby gentle - you will get a red alarm warning. Not impressed.
I was given the cam as a gift, and i can tell you it is not worth the $300 you pay. If I wouldnt feel so guilty , i would trash this cam. The update was nice that they added HD. But the app DRAINS your battery, the background noise kicks itself off in the middle of the night so I dont know if my child wakes up right away or not. I ended up getting the old fashion walkie baby speaker at night which gives me my safe piece of mind. 100% am dissappointed with owlet. DO NOT GET THIS.
App constantly saying baby is wiggling when completely still, takes so long to get reading and doesn't work on 5G networks, how is it 2019 and the app doesn't work on 5g? Most of the time it's freezing up. Within the first week we considered returning it many times.
Doesn't work. Bricks phones. Do Not Buy!
My son has apnea, and if something happens to hin because yall can't fix your product and have it work as advertised then you will have a big lawsuit on your hands. This is life or death and many people have paid a lot of money for this so you should be able to hire someone who can fix it! The app has not worked in a month!!!!
This app is so faulty. Do NOT recommend.
This app is broken. For a $300 purchase that's super frustrating.
Ok the monitor is great. The camera and app are absolutely useless. I have contacted customer support multiple times with multiple problems.
If you're going to force users to the new app, fix your bugs first. 5 starts when it's working fine. Device keeps disappearing from the list and needs to be registered to appear again (theb disappears moments later). Base station will not turn on via app. Why not just update the old app with the additional features?
Easy to use and nice design. But honestly the app is very slow and will randomly close at times. Better cameras are available for much cheaper. Update (Aug 2020): App stopped working and Owlet support is saying to buy a different USB cord to test it out. Why in Earth would I put more money into this thing? Don't buy this product, it's full of problems and has been nothing but a headache.
This app has not worked since I downloaded it. It won't give me baby's readings because it keeps saying "disconnected from base station." I have had to uninstall and download it again at least 12 times already. If it worked, I would give it a much higher rating
Owlet decided that their smart sock 3 was so good that they disabled the option to turn off alerts for bad connections or badly placed socks. The sock 2 lets you turn those alerts off. The problem is that the sock isn't as good as they thought, and now I get woken up every night because of those alerts. Just let us turn off the alert! Don't try to decide what's best for us.
This camera app is the most unreliable camera app I have used. I have two others that have never failed. This camera constantly needs to be unplugged and replugged to get it online. My other cameras ($5 and $20 a piece) have no reliability issues. And both the other cameras have motion notifications. The $300 owlete camera does not.
I have installed uninstalled reinstalled countless times to try and get the quick reading for bpm at oxygen and still not working. Also line for the graphs are off on the time and have no consistency with the readings which has not fixed itself. Notifications come 1 day late this app seems to be getting worse
The camera software is terrible. I'm writing a review after the 500th time the camera won't pull up after I load the app. Garbage.
I wanted to love it. The camera is great quality and when it actually works, the sound is great too, although its delayed. I am constantly trying to connect to the internet even though my internet is perfect and I never have any issues connecting with other devices. The sound almost ALWAYS cuts out at night so I usually wake up to babies screaming to the top of their lungs because the sound wasnt coming through on the app. Please fix this. I would hate to have spent all this money for nothing.
So disappointed in the app. We wanted to love this camera but after over 7 months I can 100% say that we wish we had of purchased another camera for our son. Don't waste your time. The audio never works, the video in not consistent. If this is the only monitor you have for your child's room you would miss them crying and waking up very often. It works whenever it feels like it. Return it while you can!
App crashes every other day, have to completely uninstall and reinstall to get it to work again, boo! Considering I paid about $200 for my Owlet sock, I wish the app worked better, not worth $200. Also, how well is it going to work if something happens with my baby if the app is constantly crashing?!
Connection sucks, freeze all the time. Glitches constantly.
The app is terrible for the camera. I constantly have issues getting audio to load properly. not supporting 5ghz is crazy at this age... They are already on routers with 6g. The camera itself is great but the app makes it near useless
This app is the most infuriating app ever! One minute it works, next minute it tells you to setup new profile. So I have to force stop the app and restart and then it works a couple times and then the cycle repeats! The Owlet Cam itself is great, but this software is still its weakest link!
False alarms since new owlet app released. Thought the babysitter was just having issues with the one I bought for their house, but then had issues when we brought our home Owlet to Grandma's house and updated the app, and then when we brought the sock back home after the week and immediately had issues at home. The alarm randomly goes off 15 minutes or 3 hrs in making us rush to the crib, but the app says normal readings.
I was looking forward to something that works. Camera won't connect no matter what, and now the sock barely connects too. I'll be looking for something else
For the price point, this app should be FLAWLESS. If this were a free app with no associated costs I would give it three stars. READ THE REVIEWS BEFORE YOU BUY THIS PRODUCT Connectivity is absolutely terrible. Only 10 feet from the base station? May as well have a cord going from the sock to the base station while you're at it. The graph is a complete complete disaster after 6pm. It's currently 10:30pm and I can't scroll past 6pm and the chart stops at 8:20pm. FIX THE DAMN GRAPH.
Used to be incredible... Luckily, for the first 6 months of my babies life this sock+the OLD app workd flawlessly. Now it's A CONSTANT irritation. Like, I'm ALWAYS worried about whether it's working and checking the app and THEN zooming in on my better-than-owlet camera to check that he's breathing well ANYWAY..... I would put 2 stars, but I want them to see how crappy their ratings are now that they stopped caring about their current projects and current costumers. I'll change it when app works
New app has many problems, it is better but annoying.
The huge notch on my Pixel 3 XL cuts off the titles on your UI.
Terrible just awful ☹️ really
my sock never connects with my app. it works with my base station as I can see false alarms when sock moves and its pulsing, not blinking. I spent alot of money really wish it worked right. in addition I had to call customer service and use my laptop to even connect base to wifi.
Updated app, not working any more. Forced by company to update as old app shut off forced by Owlet. Thing is dead now. I emailed them a few days ago and no reply other than they got my message. If something happens to my baby, attorneys will be involved. No other way to contact either. It seems that they dont care, they got my money. I also see I'm not the only person with issues.
PLEASE FIX THIS APP!!! This sock is way too expensive to have an app that doesn't work. The old app was perfect. This app does not connect to my sock so that I can view current stats!
this app simply doesnt work. It'll say the wifi is connected but then say video disconnected. I've had to uninstall and download the app multiple times for this issue. If the cam does work it takes a long time to load. Two way audio doesnt work unless your in the house, it'll just cut out and sound muffled. Third, the icons arent very responsive and to turn off sound has to be pressed multiple times and will have an x but still have sound. I wish there was a feature to turn off cam when not used
The app is constantly disconnecting from the base station. Almost daily. This means we have to unplug the base station, uninstall and reinstall the app on our phones, and restart the base station each time. The history tab shows nothing but we have been using for over 2 months. Only one user allowed so we have to use the same login on both my wife's phone and mine. Very expensive for this many problems
You will spend 1 to 6 hours per WEEK, every week, on the phone with grumpy Owlet support representatives. Do you have that kind of time?
Great product, but the app needs work. Please. You cannot track baby's vitals if he moves. Because everytime he does, the movement notification comes up over his virals, if baby continues moving his legs, you continually cannot see his vitals. Edit, I had to come back and remove any remaining stars. This one feature in the app ruined the entire experience. I bought it to monitor baby's vitals, i can see with my eyes baby is moving. Why do you block his oxygen levels to tell me he is moving?
UPDATE: Not compatible with 5G internet. Can no longer connect the base. Well, there's $400 down the drain. Thanks Owlet! Having issues with history feature since update. Graph is showing on wrong time stretches and won't update until days later!!
Doesn't work with no customer support. Told to uninstall and reinstall the app like I haven't already tried that. Supposed to have a feature which records readings and populates every 30 minutes. Doesn't happen. It alarms with Amber alerts that you've already cleared. When you're fumbling around trying to get the sock on a screaming child and your phone won't stop alarming telling you it's not on the child it's hardly a calming situation. All I'll be told here is to contact customer support.
Completely useless! Camera never holds wifi connection.
I'm not sure who's idea it was to make a new app...especially when the old one worked fine. You take our money and then force us to use this app that doesn't work. We are paying customers. You have received complaint after complaint and still nothing is being done to fix the problems. What gives? You forced us to move to this app because you noticed a lot of us preferred the old one compared to this and still used it. Please fix this.
would be amazing if it worked. this app takes forever to load if it even loads at all. I love the owlet but for the price of the unit this app should run seamlessly. very disappointed that I'm unable to pull up data in the app when I need it. please work out the kinks asap, once you do this will be an amazing product and app.
Loses connection constantly with WiFi. Would not recommend. Look elsewhere
Horrible app. The sock is great, however the camera sucks. Constantly disconnects from wifi. Tech support constantly tells you it's the router, the isp, and everything else. I'm sick I spent so much money on this.
Always cuts out or stops working temperature is either not working or incorrect temp. I've had to call support so many time Last experience was awful the lady treated me like an idiot and was rude. Also never hung up the phone so I couldn't leave a review about her. My dinky 20$ wyze cam works better. Dont waste your money!!
I plan on returning this product the camera keeps disconnecting from my app we had the most horrible experience connecting the sock I had to call customer service a number of times it so irritating and frustrating I will not recommend this product to anyone if I could give this product negative stars I would. Such a disappointment
App worked for awhile, then stopped working. makes me want to return the camera. if the app is going to be down for awhile, can you please send a text or email letting me know?
I tried several times over the past couple of months to set up this new app. I have tried on 2 different Android devices (galaxy note 8 and 9). I can never get past the page to register my child. I don't know why Owlet would disable the old app when there are so many people that can't get the new app to work. I now have no access to readings, history, or even to see why the alarm is going off. Eventually another company will make a similar device with an app that works and I'll buy that instead.
Horrible app. Doesn't work at all, which pretty much makes the baby monitor completely useless.
Never connects to the internet. And when it does it lags so much.
This is crazy, I bought the owlet and I can't use it because because you have to create an account. The account isn't the issue but if they never send you the validation email then your fuc***! The whole point of this device is to monitor your child, but if they never validate your email the $400 device is useless. This app doesn't connect you with your $400 device you bought to have the peace of mind your child is ok, it's a dead app. If their severs don't do they're job your hosed. Bad design
Ever since I downloaded the app, the history portion never loads and says there is none available. My son wears his sock every night and the app receives his readings, yet none of the information is stored. I have tried several times through a few different outlets to contact and address the issues with the Owlet care team. Ive gotten hung up on and disconnected from chats every single time. I'm frustrated to say the least. When I spend a pretty penny on something, I expect it to work.
Simply do better guys. This app has failed for me countless times. If I had to do it over again I would not spend the money.
Terrible. I just downloaded the app less an an hour ago and it's already stopping.
Your app glitches and doesn't allow to scroll forward in the history graphs. Somthing that simple shouldnt have been overlooked negative 5 stars
It is nice WHEN it works. Evetime i leave the wifi network and come home the camera is disconnected and I have to re-pair the camera. Also only used one night, it crashes constantly. Everytime I woke up the app had crashed. Very unreliable for overnight monitor. Also why is there still no Owlet Connected Care for Android users!! Pleasr fix this app! I do not feel confident using this with our child as it is now. Unable anto leave zero Stars.
Garbage App. Why would I trust this hardware to monitor my baby when they can't even make an app that works reliably. Probably going to return my owlet sock and cam bundle since 80% of the time they are useless due to app crashes. Tried restarting reinstalling etc.
Customer service was a great help but when I moved the camara to another room, I can not connect again.
App still alerts for yellow and blue notifications despite settings turned off in both Android OS and app itself. Customer service was not helpful and emailed generic knowledge articles about alerts and how they work. One customer service rep could not figure it out and said they would research further and contact me; never heard from her again. Great device but the app is absolutely horrible.
This app is really pretty bad. The only good part of it is if you are only using the socks, they work great, everything else is 50/50 whether you are going to have a problem with it everytime you try to use it. The camera feed will go out. The sound just doesn't work, the app will randomly close or not open at all, the setting for background noise to always be on never works properly and you have to check the app constantly. Don't bother with this if you want more than just the owlet socks.
Had sock for 3 months. Worked fine until yesterday. App doesn't work anymore . Always says connecting. Never able to get a reading. Waste of money. Customer service unable to provide answers.
The old app worked better. It constantly says searching for base station. I tried chatting with customer service, who suggested it was because we have 5G wifi so i switched back to the 2G and it still doesn't work.
Doesnt connect
Great product, very poor app. For the money charged this sock this app couldn't get any worse. It doesn't exit, it logs itself out, it updates very slow and has such limited notifications. It would serve better if Owlet also invested a little more in the development of their app. The notifications received for disconnection etc. are also super slow. My base station would have beeped like 10 minutes ago and I've fixed the issue and then the app starts the notification.
I've changed my review to a one star until the deveopers fix the app. There is no reason a child safety app should be this unfunctional. Randomly at 3am or whatever hour, the base station will disconnect from wifi. Or your phone cant connect to the base station. Or some other error. So you're rebooting, unplugging, uninstalling and reinstalling at 3am for an hour or more night after night, to no avail. This is one of the most poorly designed softwares on the Play Store.
This device was amazing at first, but has turned into trash with the recent updates. I can only actually use the app 50% of the time. I finally turned off the poor connection notifications after being uselessly woken up countless times, but experienced a red false alarm last night. Couldn't check HR/O2 levels because of course I COULD NOT GET INTO THE APP. went to poke the baby to make sure he was alive. Then stayed awake with anxiety for 5 hours. FML. Fix this or charge $25 for it.
Absolutely horrible!! Why can't this camera stay connected to wifi? When it works, I love the camera, the picture is really good but I can't stay connected ever. I'm always having to restart my phone or log out and log back in. I've had this camera for 6 days and it's been nothing but a pain
Keeps glitching or freezing on the camera and I've had every piece of the sock replaced and it wont work
trying to install and i get stupid pop up i cant avoid
Apps sucks. Never gets my wifi
App never works and is complete garbage. In order to get it to work for even a few hours i have to unplug and reset the base station. Not sure if it is also the base but it has really never worked right even with the newer app. Would not waste my money again.
Very disappointed. We have the Owlet sock and camera and are constantly receiving "server failure" errors via the app. We have reached out to customer support but have yet to receive a response. As new parents, we have difficulties sleeping, as the owlet sock and camera do not provide us with peace of mind, as advertised. Wishing we had gone with the Nanit monitoring system.
Constantly needs to be unplugged from wall to reset in order to get it to connect. Disconnects during the night which makes this thing absolutely worthless since it doesn't work until you wake up, get up and physically unplug to reset it again and for the cost it should work flawlessly. Very disappointed
The app does not connect to the base station, rendering most of the entire owlet useless
I used to love the owlet. It was wonderful it gave us piece of mind and worked beautifully. Since the update and requirement for the new app it's been useless and dysfunctional. The amount of money I spent on the product that's pretty much no good to us now has me in tears. I'm super disappointed 😭
I wish I could give this less stars. It's the worst app and connectivity issues. Don't buy. Do not purchase Owlet anything. The camera is also worthless. China parts at over expensive prices.
Says camera isn't connected to wifi.. really wish I would've read the APP reviews first instead of reviews on the camera itself 🤦🏽‍♀️
I bought this product a couple of days ago and the app would not connect to it. Going to take it back tomorrow. Don't waste your money.
This app is horrible. Malfunctioned while I was out of town sending over 30 red alerts to my phone when nothing was wrong. The base station never went off because my baby was fine and it was an app malfunction but I had no way of knowing as I was out of town which sent me into a panic attack and calling 911 to go check on my family who were fine!!
We have the camera and sock bundle. This app/baby monitor is not worth the money you pay for it. It constantly loses connection to the camera and sound. The camera offers no features at all (notification, recording...) just straight up video and sound whenever it works. We are switching to a different brand once my kid moves to his own room in a couple of weeks. This app/baby monitor is not reliable . Buy a reliable system and spend the money once.
Video over the last month is so bad. Was happy with it until this last update. I've started looking at alternatives
Rarely and Barely works When I ordered this product, it arrived unworking, the refused to refund, but sent a replacement.. their app has gone down EVERY NIGHT since we've had it (9 months), their tech support use useless, one told us to set it up in a manner that the next tech said was incorrect.. do not buy this product, do not use this app, buyer beware.. this product is completely unreliable.
Never connects to dock
They have finally setup the camera to work directly through your home network without going through their servers. This allows the camera to launch almost immediately, which is a welcomed change. I saw an option the other day that let you select the video quality but it disappeared over night. It wouldn't let me change anything so I'm guessing it wasn't supposed to be pushed through yet. Hopefully soon though. There is an issue with selecting the sound in the background now.
If your phone has the app open and isn't switching between anything else, it typically works fine. If you have it working in the background while you're doing something else, or if you mute/unmute the sound, go in and out of the app, etc. the video and audio freezes often and you have to restart the app. Sometimes it'll disconnect randomly and reloading the app doesn't work, so you have to unplug and plug back in the Owlet monitor. Extremely disruptive and a pain in the butt. Do not recommend.
I, like others have had issues with the app. The first issue is when the app is left suspended in the background it no longer registers any connected devices when re-opened. The 2nd issue I have personally is that every night the graph UI stops progressing at 6pm making it difficult to look at the readings for the night until the next day. I reached out to customer support about the 2nd issue and followed their troubleshooting steps to no avail. After I responded and said it was still being buggy my ticket was seemingly closed even though I still had an unsolved issue. Whoever is managing this company, this is exactly how you start losing customers to up and coming companies. For a $300 product, this is inexcusable.
Have used this product for almost 2 years. In the beginning it was very reassuring to have such a quality product... and then you recently had app updates & now this is a below standard app that doesn't provide the peace of mind it use to. Please fix the sound, crashing, & connection issues. It's awful to wake up & see your app crashed during the night & you lost connection. The reliability I had in this product has been lost. I can no longer recommend this until you fix your app issues.
Not sure what went wrong. We have two of the newest generation socks. The entire system seemed to work until this morning when we had an event and our phones didn't go off or notify us. We have done multiple resets and phone updates to no avail. The base station alarms are not nearly loud enough to wake us from our sleep so the lack of phone notification makes these useless to us. We are attempting to monitor our 3 surviving quad 24 weekers and need a better peace of mind than what is offered.
It's absolutely ridiculous how terrible this app and customer service is considering how much money they are getting from parents. I constantly have to 1) restart my phone 2) force stop the app 3) uninstall/reinstall it. I've never had so many problems with something that should be bringing peace of mind to people. Customer service is no help what so ever. They just tell you too uninstall it. I also don't understand why the old app was completely abandoned instead of upgraded.
I will add more stars once I'm able to actually use the app, and device. Just got the sock for my newborn but haven't been able to set up, connect to WiFi, or base station yet. I generally expect $200 purchases to work right out of the box but no such luck with owlet.
I would give this app a zero if I could. I'm a new mother and having to deal with constant app/base station connectivity issues in the middle of the night and already having to deal with the lack of sleep from having a newborn is extremely frustrating. I paid a good amount of money for the sock and cam, and am not at all satisfied with either product/app service. I'm tech savvy and follow instructions, even double checking to make sure I'm correctly troubleshooting. Still not working.
No 5ghz support in 2019?!?! So basically I'm giving this app 1 star because I can't even connect the camera or breathing monitor to this app because it doesn't support 5ghz. I'm returning this stuff and picking up a different brand that can use 5ghz.
I agree with many of the recent reviews regarding the new app. Super bugged I had to re-register as a customer for an account and for the device-- which it will not recognize so I can't even get passed that screen. I have an owlet device I'm sitting here staring at it. No issues with old app. FYI I have an android.
Camera now freezers constantly and opens half the time. When I talked to customer service they blamed it on my wifi even though my wifi has been the same since we got the camera.
I emailed customer service weeks ago because my baby's vitals won't show in the app when I have the camera on full screen - still no fix. When it was working, it was nice to glance at the screen in the middle of the night and have peace of mind that my baby was okay. Now I have to click back through the app to exit out of full screen or wonder if the sock is actually working. This app glitches all the time. Great products if the app was actually reliable, I feel like I can't trust it!
It worked fine when we first purchased it. Now all of a sudden it crashes multiple time during use and makes me reconnect my wifi EVERY NIGHT! I don't feel like this app or prduct is as reliable as it should be. Very disappointed; I feel like a lot of money was wasted...
I'd really love this app if it didn't go off every 2 minutes despite not having actual connection issues 🙃 how long does it take to turn your push notification triggers off?
Of all this worthless things I've wasted money on for my child this is by far the worst product yet. Unreliable, overpriced and a sham of a product.
With how much people are spending on your products you'd think that you could afford better app developers. It's not a perfect world, but this app is a far cry from perfect. The camera image freezes up or just doesn't work at all sometimes even if you close the app and reopen it. Your customers paid a lot of money for your products for them to work 100% of the time so if they're only going to work 50% of the time we should get 50% of our money back. Edit: apparently this app can get worse.
Sock is great, camera may as well be a brick. We have tried to connect the camera for approx 1 month now. Weve been on the phone with customer service 4 times. Changed wifi names, and passwords. Still nothing. Buy the sock and get a security camera to use in the room instead
Would be a zero if it could! The owlet has malfunctioned since this new app. This month it's been awful and goes off multiple times a night waking my son. Red and yellow false notifications galore! So awful! And when it does go off, I cannot get the base station or app on my phone to shut off and stop alarming. Also waking my son! What a joke!
The camera always disconnects. I can't download the app to multiple devices under my same Google login account. When I finally get the camera in one kids room to connect, it kicks me off the camera in the other kids room. And if you dont dont keep your screen on theres no alarm or notification of noise or movement so you have to drain your entire battery with a single nap that's being monitored. Complete waste of my money. They spent more time on the aesthetics than the functionality. I'm throwing in the towel and buying a different monitoring system.
The latest update makes the app close from the background and freeze. I didn't hear my baby crying because the app was frozen and the camera disconnected. I don't trust this system anymore an am considering selling it.
Do not waste your money on this camera. The app is slow and glitchy. Half the time the camera wont load. It also overheats my phone if I leave the app up for too long, making it effectively useless. Seriously, you can get a much better product than this for less money. Don't make my mistake, I hate this camera so much.
Really pretty bad for the price point. There are consistent connectivity issues. Sound and video quality are great when everything is working but almost every time I open the app I am having to troubleshoot some sort of issue going on. Because of how bad this app is the owlet as a whole is an absolute waste of money. DO NOT waste your money on this. A DIY baby monitor with two cans and a string would be more reliable than this POS
Junk after update. We loved it before the forced update. Customer service better fix the problem.
It would be nice if it worked.
App shows a stale image of the owlet cam providing a false sense of security. It should never do this.
App worked the first night we got the socks for our twins and since then it's been useless. Like others have said the base station seems like it's on and working with the socks but getting any data or notifications on your phone is a distant memory. For the price paid this has been a HUGE disappointment.
This app has been so frustrating. The cam disconnects constantly. We call support and they instruct us to uninstall the app then reinstall it and register the Cam again. That is the go to reset. I have Nest cam for other parts of my house and have never had to do this once. I have been trying to make this work for over a month now and today the app stopped working again and disconnected from the Cam. Time to get rid of this a save the time and frustration.
This app needs SERIOUS work. I am not sure how the company has not produced a better app since that is what their entire business model is based on. The app constantly acts as though I do not have an account. Full screen monitoring results in a black screen. Talked to support about the issues and they were not competent. I've been a tech support rep for almost 10 years and the support for this app is awful. Great product. Terrible app.
The hardware is awesome! It's such a great piece of mind to have with a newborn. The app is horrible and not worth downloading. The original app was just as bad. Apparently, Owlet spends zero dollars on their app development. You can't have 2 users on 1 account/device. Really? Because kids apparently don't have 2 parents. And, they didn't migrate any user data from the original app. Buy the device, skip the app. Maybe Owlet will then finally start to pay attention to their horrible reviews.
Spend $300 on a device to give you piece of mind, but the app will not work... ever. (Maybe) Get a notification 20-40 minutes late, if at all. Try redownloading the app 15 f*#^ing times, it still won't work! The tech "support" is that kid you went to high school with that sells pants on FB now. If I could vote negative stars, I would. This app is absolute garbage. But hey, you get what you pay for... that's why it's free.
The sound never works. A lot of good that does.
I bought this for peace of mind while my baby is in her own room. I was worried about SIDS and figured this would soothe my mind. The app is never working. At least every night it takes minutes to open, including multiple closures first before it finally connects. As I'm writing this there is no sound be transmitted at all even tho it says that there is. Last night the whole thing froze from I dont know what time until my husband woke up and heard her. I depend on owlet and it let me down.
The worst. It is completely unreliable. The video and audio are extremely delayed when they do work at all, which is not often. Most of the time it just show a black screen. For being such an important tool in the care of your baby, it is to the point of dangerously neglectful. Do not buy and do not rely on the app.
Updated app doesn't work anymore
Updated 24 hours ago, still garbage. Used to be great, but can't even get logged in now/it crashes immediately upon startup. Wish I could go back to several updates ago, so I can actually use my $300+ equipment to monitor my baby.
For such an expensive monitor, the app is a big disappointment for 3 reasons: 1) Video monitoring hangs/ freezes. Can't tell you how many times I see a peacefully sleeping baby, only to hear crying from his bedroom. 2) When sound is on background, it spontaneously stops after a while. The only reason I even notice is because we have a sound machine in baby's room. 3) The sleep graph is confusing to read. It's hard to make sense of the bar graph in relation to the time graph. Q
Have to do a power reset every night to get any readings. Contacted customer service and basically got a shoulder shrug. What a waste of money and now time. Not even sure anything would notify if there was an issue.
For what this company charges for their products and given their company objective to give insight about your kid's safety, this app is an F. D on good days. It's incredibly unreliable for not the camera and sock. I used to recommend this company but with all the hassle their app causes it's just not worth the time or effort.
Problems After Problems Works maybe 10% of the time. And never when it matters. Avoid Owlet and their archaic methods of connectivity and find an alternative actually reliable camera and app. 1/13/2021. App was updated and once again camera is having problems. This Company is a joke.
Garbage. This whole system is a waste of time. Never works. Sound on app doesn't work- apparently known issue with Andriod with no solution. My $40 camera from Amazon works better than this, pair that with a Snuza and avoid this system. Overpriced and terrible customer support.
spent 400 on this to find out it doesn't work. not to happy about it definitely returning this.
$300+ and it doesn't connect. The app doesn't work which renders the product useless. Very disappointing.
"App searching for base station"... Do not waste your hard earned money on this product.
Seriously, get this app fixed. Audio delays up to 10 or 15 seconds, random disconnects during the night (which completely defeats the point), and often no camera footage when returning back to the app. Why did you even release this app/camera when there were so many serious issues like this?
The daily graph does not present correctly. Looks like the data source and graph are misaligned.
the app hasn't worked at all since we bought it we have tried both android and apple still nothing. refuses to pair with sock or even recognize it exists. I expected alot more for the price. it will be returned.
App is terrible, sometimes I open the app and it shows the log in screen again as if I'm logged out, so I close the app and reopen and it works, not trustworthy. The sock is terrible and very finicky and the app will say my baby is wiggling even when I'm watching him being completely still and asleep. The camera is terrible and only zooms in full screen and the sock base status led can't be turned off. It's more frustration than it's worth. We only used it because we spent $400 on it.
The camera freezes alllllllll the time. And at night the sock takes multiple reboots to start giving data.
Does not work on my device
Absolutely frustrating that every time there is an update my cam will not work!!
The dysfunctional app hinders the otherwise solid performance of the sock. It's locked up twice (both at 3am, of course) and just stays locked up for the night. The FAQs are as helpful as reading a shampoo bottle's ingredients while making a pizza (i.e., they're useless). And, from the numerous other reviews, it appears Owlet has little interest in fixing the app. The roll out of "new owlet" has been terrible.
Absolute rubbish, too often to offset the times when this app actually works (when it does, it's great). A majority of the time, the app can't connect to the camera, which of course defeats the purpose of having it. Luckily it was a gift otherwise I would return it without hesitation. We don't have any other connection issues with other devices in the house, so I think the problem is beyond our WiFi network and in the app/camera software itself.
terrible to setup.
Lots of issues with the product and app -- app displaying incorrect data, app not connecting to base station, base station losing wifi
This baby monitor is dangerous. Lots of bug, not 2 way. You buy a 200$ camera to have a dangerous baby monitor who does'nt show you a live image. Always have to restart the app because it is always freezing. It's terrible. Don't buy the camera. It was a gift but we don't use it anymore.
Constant connection issues.
The app hasn't worked in weeks.
This app is horrible. Never connects and needs to close and re open the app. Not good enough for a $400aud product!
Updated to the new app for the graphs and other features. When I open the app now it just says connecting. I can no longer control the base station. I can see information in the graphs as if the app is working. Notifications don't come to my phone until about 30 minutes, if at all, after the station goes off.
I bought the sock and camera combo. The app and the camera are horrible. My baby was born on June 14th, the camera worked for a couple of days and then the app crashed. We keep receiving register error 1 and 2. Owlet customer service has been completely useless when they know its their server problem causing the issue. My baby will be a month old Friday, that's almost 3 weeks of being unable to use the camera! Save yourself your money and do not buy this product.
I'm getting alerts and notifications an hour after my wife receives them on her iPhone. Worthless.
this app is AN ABSOLUTE JOKE.. *when you open the app, it's always on the "new user, sign up" page, rather than my son's profile. have to completely close the app and reopen - 75% of the time, the app has a "server down" message displayed - i will watch my son's readings for minutes at a time and notice his oxygen dips to 96% or 95%, yet his lowest percentage for the entire day shows 99%.. which one is accurate? - sock "disconnect" issues constantly, completely unprovoked. FIX THIS APP!!!
Annoying. App keeps losing my information 😡 have to log in again all the time
This app sucks. Just like the last one. i definitely wasted my money on these products.
Bad experience with the camera continously going out or not working with the app
constantly sends me alerts that it has difficulty getting a reading, even when the sock is off and charging. my husband and I each have the apl on our phone and they both tell us different alerts at different times. the two apps never give us the same alert at the same time so which one are we supposed to believe? I would rate this app 0/10!!!
Not really impressed with the connection of the camera. I've had to exit, reboot, and even restart my phone for it work properly. For the price of this product I was expecting more.
Can't even get past pairing stage. Sits on the screen "one sec...checking for updates". Went online to troubleshooting guides and followed link to "email a note" but this hyperlink takes me to the Owlet home page. Very frustrating to have spent this kind of money on a product to have the app fail to even begin. My partners IOS worked well though, unluckily he's not the main carer. No success yet getting past this point.
After setting up the camera, the camera is seemingly lost from the app. it immediately loses wifi connection when trying to view the stream. Worst smart device setup experience I have ever had, and I've set up alot of devices.
Will update review when app searching for base station glitch is fixed. Issue seemed to be resolved after current update but 2 days later it is right back to failing. Widely known issue amongst users yet this company can't fix a simple app. Unacceptable to have to unplug the base and reconnect it just to see the readings in the app every time the app is closed.
Useless device without app!
this app and camera are garbage. It constantly freezes both image and sound. if I send or receive a text with a picture, the camera sound shuts off. I wish I never purchased this product.
So far I've spent $400 and I have a camera that doesn't work. Potential for something great but so far, I'm just hesitant enough that I'm not calling for a full refund. REALLY hoping that these problems are fixed quickly.
We are very disappointed in the owlet app. Especially the new one. The camera is extremely laggy, no matter what we try. They made the old app inaccessible. Half of the time nothing shows up when you try to check on baby. The owlet isnt worth the money. Theres a light on the camera that changes from blue to red and it wakes up my son when we try to open the app to check on him..we had to cover the light with paper!
Still no historical data available! They were having this issue last year and seems it still hasn't been taken care of. For the price of the product, it is unacceptable to be left without a record of it's use. We can only see a glimpse in real time and that's it, no trends recorded over time. What a wasted opportunity. Makes it look like the product doesn't do anything at all. Creating more work for new parents, having to write down results if you want/need them for future reference.
l cannot get this new app to work with my basestation. The old app worked fine. Now I have a worthless device all because they want to push their camera on us.
The app only works about 30% of the time. Either the camera feed won't load, the sock data won't display, or the app will just continually crash. The app quality is making me speak openly against this product since you can't rely on it.
The new update has made it were I dont see the recordings until a day or two later. I was thinking it was my phone until I read what other people said. It's kinda bull that I paid so much money and it don't even work right. Fix the bug please.
Just like everyone else says, the camera won't connect to the app. When it does it works for about 5 minutes then I have to log out delete the app re download and log in again a few times just to try and get it to work. It won't work at all for me anymore. Absolute garbage!
0 star. This thing is a piece of garbage. Never connects. When it did connect (once in a blue moon) it would do it without me having to be on wifi. Now I have to be on wifi. Garbage garbage garbage!!! Already order another type of camera that will actually work. Cannot believe we ever even bought this. Don't waste your money!
App is garbage. Doesn't work well and has never worked well no matter how many times they upgrade. Use the sock but do NOT trust the app. Make sure you can hear the base station or see the light because when the app goes out, it doesn't tell you. It will just not alert you if your baby's alarm goes off. Which is counter productive if youd actually like to know your baby is ok.
Uninstalled after 20s. REASON: IT does not accept the code I get via SMS ... even though I type it in correctly. Tried multiple times. Duh.
I downloaded the app awhile ago and uninstalling now.. there's no code sent to my mobile number!
It keeps saying the app has stopped when I press to enter challenge. Rubbish!!
One star, would not recommend. After using the app for just over a week it has constant crashes, disconnects from phone, issues syncing, issues accepting the verification codes that are needed on a daily basis, doesnt like working on Android system and so much more. All in all a really disappointing app. I can see the potential here but in a marketplace flooded with step & activity apps this one disappoints. Fingers crossed it will work so I can complete the steps challenge set by my workplace.
Does not work
I can't withdraw
After creating my account, it says my phone number is block Please help
The code sent immediately but It says incorrect code
No Resion But My account Locked 😠😠😠😠😠😠
need...Money for survey 😁
Approve send and buy token
One star.dont wast your time, This app automatically logout,, anytime befor login i'll try.but can't login it. Show is your cood is incrueect {Scammer app}😡😡😡
Not able to withdraw PUML coins!
I like the concept but it closes whenever I try to check in. Will this be fixed soon?
Unhappy, uninstall
connection is frequently lost withyhe scale. not worth it.
App is grabage to track weight you need an account for what? Also requested way to many permissions. Buyer beware.
Cannot log into app, server not available. Product looks nice but without the app it is just a set of scales displaying weight. Disappointed.
Bluetooth will not pair with android
A Bluetooth app for a personal scale should not collect that much personal data for the parent company. I've "lost" two months of data from my scale because I will not "accept" the updated Privacy Policy outlining how they will collect, distribute and store MY information. I will not be held hostage to my scale. This is unacceptable.
Guest mode does not work per the instructions with the scale and it requires for you to allow the app to know your location. That is b.s.
The results are way off. I've done many other tests and they are all similar besides this one.
No reason you guys need to be collecting my location constantly even when I'm not using the app.
Returned the scales. The problem Wasn't the scales it's the fact I have to sign up with an online account before I can use all the features... Epic fail imo . Update Response. But if I want to link it to Samsung fit I have to share data in order for Samsung to read that data. That's where it get messy imo. I don't trust folks who have systems like this. Thanks but No THANKS. You should have allowed folks to keep data locally only. #epicfail
Not working well..
Not syncing with FitBit.. 😠
This app use to work great, but recently it doesn't measure when you are stepping on the scale. Not sure why this keeps happening so frequently.
Bought the measuring tape and scale.. tape came in today and CAN NOT connect to the App.. keeps saying "and app is needed to use this device" I don't understand because I got the app and made an account!!
I bought the scale and still can't set up my account to use the features. Keeps saying server is unavailable. Probably going to return the scale since I can't use all the features.
It won't pair over Bluetooth with my FT-24D
Horrible design; unable to create an account because it kept raising unspecified problems with my password and not letting me create an account
Crapware spyware? Bought a scale to record weight over bluetooth not to be forced to make online account and let you steal personal info off phone.
Have tried 5 days in a row to pair with phone. Does not work. Have no issues with bluetooth on anything else
Nearly every single App wants you today to create an Account/Login. Why is there an Account needed in order to use a Bodyweight Scale App? To sync and store the Data on my Phone there I can't imagine any Justification for the Need of an Account.
Just bought it but not able to sign up or login. Without app this is pretty much just a regular scale.
Was told these scales would connect to we. So far it doesn't.
This app won't pair with the scale. I've deleted the app, removed batteries, restarted phone, and restarted Bluetooth. I'm going to have to return the scale because it won't function fully without the app. Save your money.
Ridiculous that this app won't function without allowing location permission. Why does the app I use to interact with my scale need my permission? Because apparently Google won't allow bluetooth to connect without it. Super great. As if it's not bad enough that Google monitors my life, now I have to let another company track me to find out my weight. Absolutely ridiculous. They claim they'll never record, store, or use my location data however I have no reason to believe them.
It does not record my current weight. I have to manually enter it. It does not sync with Samsung Health. Essentially it's just a scale.
Could not connect to Bluetooth
Will not work without location services enabled.
Waste of time and money, intrusive app, scale seems poor quality and doa on arrival.
Wont even let me sign up or login keeps saying cannot conect to the server!! Ive unistalled and reinstalled please help
Norton Mobile security does not trust site
The app keeps turning itself on for some reason, & it asks for too many permissions. I would like to give it a lower rating for sending me a generic reply to my original review, & for ignoring the privacy concerns I have with this item
DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME IF BORN BEFORE 1990. As a child of the 60s I refuse to TAP back from 1990 to 1960 by month. This app needs to be updated with a drop down calendar to select month, day and year. I emailed support and told them I didn't want to have to tap back 240 plus times and there response was to tap confirm when I finished. @support-NEVER MIND I DELETED THE APP, and will probably return the scale.
This app does not pair in a reasonable amount of time. I followed the instructions and it just tries to pair forever. Not worth getting the scale if you want to use the app, just find a different one. I've used bluetooth daily. Either the app itself or the bluetooth tech in the scale does... or both.
just a total fail for the analyst - developer handshake when developing this app. makes a disappointing sound and stays red (failure) even when you hit your goals. i guess you have to hit the industy standard, which if i did, id look sickly, unhealthy. industry/health professionals, needlesstosay, do not recommend this app to your clients.
Really, really bad and frustrating. Would give less than one star if possible. Won't download after hours and hours of trying.
App does not connect to the device. any suggestions?
Cannot log in or create a new user
They won't let you use the app without gps anymore. They give you a bs message like device not found enable gps.. bewary. they will sell your location info
Doesn't even sync so total waste of money
The information for not load everyday
Paired with scale once and never again. Really wish it worked better but as it is currently. Really would not recommend this. It's not good at all.
googlefit connect fail after selecting which account I want to use.
Update: issue is NOT the scale. ITS THE APP!!!skeletal muscle is not showing in the app... please urgently rectify, the app has removed this variable, scale is fine Issue now is muscle variable missing, why was this taken out in update? Or can you advise? The only reason I use the scale is for weight and muscle mass. Please correct this, muscle mass is missing !
I have serious concerns about the privacy and security of the app. I have never in my life had an app logging my password in the keyboard suggestions as I'm typing it. Uninstalling and returning.
This app was able to sync ONCE with the scale I bought from them.
Need to invest in a website to view stats like the leading companies do. App does not sync and customer service puts you straight to voicemail. Using android 10. Bluetooth is on. Reinstalled app, rebooted phone, paired and unpaired device. Received scale yesterday, synchronized immediately then it took 45 minutes of troubleshooting to get it to sync again. Woke up this morning to find out won't sync again. There should be an option to force sync. No errors just completely unresponsive.
This app is straight trash. I've had this for almost two years now, and (at least on Android) Bluetooth will sync the biometrics maybe once out of every 10 updates. Then you'll get another update that breaks it yet again. Absolutely NO excuse for this. You need to stop blaming EVERYONE ELSE for this not working. Zero stars if I could! Will be recommending on Amazon and everywhere else that NO ONE purchase any of this sellers scales. USELESS
It worked great at first. But has not synced with scale in over 2 weeks.
Just got my scale and tried to register the app and I keep getting "Sorry, the server cannot process your request. Please try again later." I was so excited to get my new scale and use it and now I'm slightly irritated.
Too hard to use. Doesn't sync or allow changes
Will not pair. Tried over and over. Very frustrating.
This app crashes all the time on launch!!! Fitindex, please fix this or else I will return the scale and demand a refund!
Won't sync to Samsung 8
App requires account and is not usable in offline mode.
I can't sign up from the app, the next button just won't work. then i signed up from the website and tried to login from app and it says wrong password. I can't use my scale at all.
This app accesses too many private information and sensitive data on the 
phone. Norton security is flagging this as unsafe app.
App will not allow log in, making it unusable.
the app keeps shutting down
Cant even get the account created. Clearly needs work on app. Reading prior reviews seems this is not user error.
Stupid app doesn't work PERIOD! It won't allow me to register to get in.
i just bought your scale, which does not say on amazon that you CANT use without pairing a cellphone, and the scale will not pair with my phone. i have done all the troubleshooting. nothing works. what a waste of my time and money.
My friend and I both bought these within the past week. Both of us use Android phones and both of us had a horrible time trying to pair the scale with this app. I tried uninstalling & reinstalling the app, turning my Bluetooth off & on twice, changing out the "new" batteries and deleting the scale in the app FOUR times to get it to sync up. I might as well have hopped on one foot and howled at the moon, nothing worked until I TAPPED the scale until it said "0.0" and CAL while trying to pair it. You have to find a better way to get this app & the scale to recognize each other. I have paired up many items to phones, tv's, routers, etc. and NEVER had so much trouble. EDITED: Forgot to mention how much I loved getting a recording when I called the customer service number telling me to leave a message and not getting a call back even though I called in the middle of the work day...
Finds scale as a device, but won't sync any data.
Unusable: couldn't make Bluetooth connection & the support website listed in the product literature is just a page with the User Agreement.
Added receive data from internet. This is typically associated with Ads. Why was this permission added?
Nearly worthless. Pairs with the phone a few days then it's gone. Have to 
reinstall and reboot. Not worth the trouble.
The app pairs fine however it will not update the weight on the scale. 
Thoroughly disgusted with this app. I bought it with the intention of 
helping me and it is horrible.
Can't sync with Google fit
I can not sync the scale to the phone. I have restarted the phone, Uninstalled reinstalled the app twice. If I can't get the scale to sync I will be returning it.
the sign up screen has a bug so after entering your password, the keyboard stays up
It does not register a new user. I can not even create a new account. While creating and account, I hit next and something is just spinning for a second. Then nothing happens. If i try to sign in, it always say server error. Followed all of the directions but failure. I wish there were 0 star options. I am going to return this scale.
Requires account to open
App will not let me sign in even though entering email and password properly.
Why in blazes does an app need my location before executing basic functionality. This is the kind of issues that gets Chinese products banned from US. My data could be unlawfully manipulated, used for some extra ordinary use. Not cool.
Just set up account on website, username and password are correct. Will not take it on the app either with my password manager nor manually typing it. Reset password to something simpler, same deal. Feedback/help does not allow you to submit as onscreen keyboard always covers it. The app for tracking was the entire point of the purchase and it does not work. Returned.
Massive battery drain. Requires some strange permissions, can you answer this, Why do you need location ???
I wish there was a way to not even give a star this app is junk it worked twice now it's not working at all I'm simply going to return the scale.
It keeps telling me network not available for everything
Tells me I have an invalid birthday even though I'm 18 years old and was born in 2001. Doesn't make any sense to not be able to use a scale and app at 18 years old.
It is now refusing to perform its basic function, recording my weight, unless I give it a lot of stats about myself. Demanding more personal data than it needs to perform its basic function makes it Spyware.
The app won't even let me scroll in to create an accout! Was looking forward to this. Return.
Just after I synced my fitbit account with this app, my fitbit account was hacked and had to be reset by fitbit support. Shortly after that, my Instagram account was hacked by someone in Germany. I deleted the app so now cant use the features on this scale that I bought it for. Be careful! Hopefully security on this app gets improved soon!
It's been sharing so much data my phone was hot and it set off two security apps.
Horrible, worked once and won't connect to the scale again. I have unpaired the scale, took the batteries out, uninstalled and reinstalled the app. Nothing works, sending the scale back and highly recommend another scale/app
This app worked great but without warning disconnected from my phone and will not reconnect. I've reinstalled the app twice. Nothing. A key reason I bought this scale was for body fat measurement. 😒 I've had it for less than a year.
Will not let me create an account after numerous attempts.
The app sucks. When it works it shows good information, however, any communicatiom with the server is slow or non existent.
The Bluetooth doesn't work and the device is not even seen on the Bluetooth connections
dont like this app at all the only thing it showa is my weight and none of the other features
Returned the scale, app too intrusive, just another data mining gimmick
You have to be kidding. Who designed this app? Took 3 tries to figure out how to get the letters out of the way so I could hit NEXT after entering the password. Then having to go back one month at a time to enter the birthday if you're like 20 might be acceptable, but at 60 my finger got sore at around 40 years back. Just let me enter the numbers without having to use the stupid calendar. I grew up in an age when you were taught how to do that. I gave up and deleted the app. Nice scale though
Cannot open. Automatically shut down
I don't want to have to make an account somewhere just to use a scale, boo!
I agree there's no reason to have the location. I read the explanation and it still shows me it is not a requirement. I have a lot of other Bluetooth devices and this is the only time I have come across ble. I just won't be using the app and just use the scale for weight until they stop requiring it. Edit: i have a Google pixel 4
With the latest Android update the app has been aaking for location permissions and refuses to work if you don't give it. Why does it need location permissions to use Bluetooth? No Bluetooth device needs location turned on to work.
App is pointless bc it doesn't work a waste of time if you want to track your weight.
Doesn't work with Google Fit, as advertised. Will be returning the scale.
Made an account , tried connecting to Fitbit, it froze up, so I shutdown the app, and when I reopened I was logged out. Bad user experience there, whatever. But then I tried logging in, and got the unhelpful message of "server error" please try again. Seems like a hastily made app to go along with the physical product.
Doesn't work
We have 2 of the same phones. It worked for over a year on both. Now its only working on one. We have tried everything yo get it to work. We will give you 5 stars if it works again.
The most inaccurate pos on the market. Told me I weighed 30 lbs more than I actually do.
Horrible
Hard to believe they can't get bluetooth right. I also found it completely unacceptable they required location permissions to use the required app.
im not going to create a login to use this.
Don't want to have log in and have GPS enabled to us a scale.
have to delete app everytime
Not working 😢 The app is only doing weight and bmi no other measurements and is very frustrating. I bought the scale for the features of body fat and all that, however none of that is working. Fail.
Still does not work with Google fit
"metabolic age" is BS: just add new "weighting member" 10 years younger that yourself and weight yourself - the "metabolic age BS" will be exactly 20 years younger. This means that other numbers cannot be trustet either. typical disappointing chinese quality.
Just bought the scale and app doesnt wirk. Says account already exist, but 
never created one to begin with. Scale is useless if you cant login to the 
app. Buyer beware.
Why does the app never sync with the scale ????
Cannot create a new account. I didn't receive sign-up verification email, so the app is just useless. Please hire a tester, test the functionality of ur app before putting it on the app store.
This used to work well and now it is a pain in the butt to get it to work with my scale. It will go to the app and register and then not save that info.
Why does it need my location? This app requires unnecessary info. I would be more tolerant if this was a free service but I paid my monies stop bugging me. Very freak'n annoying.. Looking for another product less intrusive.. No, location IS NOT a requirement of the android system!! Your product is spying for some other reason. Marketing data profiteering or other state level BS. I disabled app location permissions but app will not work without location enabled.
Cant create an account.
App is not good. Also, the scale is a hoax. It does not measure body fat or any other metric. It only measures weight and displays estimates for everything else.
should not need to sign up just to get basic functionality
Unusable if you don't continuously share your location.
not syncing to phone galaxy edge7
App does not connect to the Bluetooth equipped measuring tape.
Connection to Google Fit stopped working. The error is not descriptive.
This app stopped working properly. It doesn't link to Google fit anymore. Errors out when I try to reconnect. Also has trouble knowing which profile to save the correct weight info for
Cannot connect or pair with a Samsung A11....
No need for a scale to call home.
when I try to log in it keep saying network error
[Update: login issue resolved via support. Added star] Couldn't creat an account. Error yo use 6-16 character password even though I was using a 10 character password. Created an account on their web page.. that account wouldnt validate on app. [New issue] app requires location services. It says its because bluetooth needs it... but how many bluetooth headphones or speakers are you aware of that dont work if GPS is off? If i cant find a way to spoof my GPS ill be returning the scale.
Good to know since update now requires location services on even though it works over bluetooth and worked before the update that requires location services. How does the developer respond... of please email us privately so we can give you a bs excuse v.s. telling the truth over the review forum. Well I have the scale so cant return that but no more using the app until that's fixed.
The app had stopped working 😞
Does not work with piexl 2 xl
App keeps stopping. Can't even get it to set up!!
I'm not a fan of using this unknown developer's unsigned app, but I wanted a scale like this.    The app requires your precise location (GPS). It may just be they didn't know how to request coarse location, but it certainly wouldn't be the first time something like this sent all your info back to their servers.
After app update it keeps crashing after hitting 'trends' - pixel 4xl
Why do you need location support?
i cannot even get the app to connect with the server. therefore the scale i just purchased is just a plain old scale that tells me my weight.
Well not overly impressed with the app when all I have received from it for the last 24 hours when trying to create an account  is "Sorry the server is temporarily unable to service your request. Please try again later."
gps location for bluetooth? uninstall and send scale back to amazon. its should clearly say they require gps location before you buy the scale.
I've had this for just a week now and the app suddenly started crashing every time I open it. The scale still works, but it no longer syncs to my phone. I've tried uninstalling it, killing the app, etc. but nothing seems to help.
Sucks can't even get it to install. Lame
Will update to 5 stars, but one thing makes it unusable atm: Doesn't sync to fitbit, have to connect and reconnect to get it synced which is really annoying. Apparently this issue is around for a time, please FINALLY fix the fitbit sync... Edit: How should I update to the new App version if you don't roll it out here in the Playstore??
Just got the scale deliver and couldn't pair my smart phone
This app crashes 99% of the time as soon as it is opened. Unusable.
Google pixel 2 doesn't connect. Will return scale shortly if there isn't a fix for this out soon.
Waste of time and money. The Bluetooth doesnt sync to my Galaxy S9 and the anomaly detector doesnt do anything. It just spins on screen endlessly.
So, I weighed myself this morning 4 times and got the same weight. Waited 
30 minutes with no food or water, took a number 2, and had my weight jump 
by .6lbs (also verrified 4 times). The scale is not accurate within at 
least a lb, if not more. The device also will not pair with my phone, and 
to top it off they are no accepting reviews on Amazon. It's a scam.
Want to delete account but not letting me on Huawei p30 lite
Bathroom scale requires GPS to to give you your data in addition to needing bluetooth . Make sure to cover the secret camera that looks up your robe
Total waste of time trying to get this app to work for even the most basic functions, let alone sophisticated measurements.
Unable to create an account
scale no longer pairs with the app. I am very disappointed as I have used the scale and app daily to record my stats and track my weightloss
Let me know when the Tencent owned tracker is removed...
Seriously? Invalid birthday? I scrolled and scrolled and scrolled to put in my actual birthday. Because the app designer didn't make it possible to simply write in your birthdate.  And after that took far too long I can't use that app because of "invalid birthday."   This app is made for people born on or near January 1st 1990. Good luck if your birthday is too far from that date.   Seriously???  Returning scale. I'll look for a scale that actually works.
This app does what it says (albeit poorly), but I'm giving it a zero because their permissions policy is an absolute invasion of privacy. It requires location for some reason to connect to the scale (whatever, sure) but the problem is that even when the app is closed, even when I haven't used the app in weeks, it makes around 20 requests for my location a DAY. Almost hourly asking my phone where I am and (probably) sending that information to servers overseas. I'd love to use an alternate, but of course since I bought a Renpho scale the only way I can use it is with this app. I even gave them the benefit of the doubt (maybe this is a bug?) and sent in a ticket to their support. They responded within a day with zero helpful information, only stating (in poor English) that "location is required for the usage of this app" even though that's not what I asked about. For now I'm resigned to manually turning off and on location for the app whenever I need to use it. Leaves me wishing there was a quicker way to do that on Android too (why do apps need my permission when not open for 90% of cases anyways?)
Ridiculous amount of spam emails after app registration.
Also wont connect to Nexus 6p Bluetooth
Was great for a few weeks and now will not link to my phone, saying error 1210 tried everything it says but still nothing and my bluetooth on phone is working fine with all my other apps so not my phone
It cannot locate my account
Unless you give Google unlimited access the permissions then you can't even open your profile...complete waste of a purchase
Seeing so many people talking about you taking my location data when you don't need it is more than enough to prevent me even installing your app. Shame as the scales are nice.
I can not get the scale and app to sinc. I have tried everything I can think of and it seems completely impossible. The whole reason I got the scale was to have the app and scale connected to fit my diet and goals.
Used to work on old phone, but with new one it doesn't. Tried with 2 new phones and doesn't work with either. App developers are not keeping it up to date.
Nao funcionou no pixel 2 =(
how come your app still runs in the background AND USES MY LOCATION DATA when it's not in use? I have caught this app running in the background even after trying to force stop, and it happens all the time.
The app will not pair with my scale. I even tried the Bluetooth anomaly detection, but it didn't do anything. It said "testing" for over 10 minutes and there were no instructions for submitting the abnormality report. I've replaced the batteries, Bluetooth and location is on, I've tried forgetting the device and repairing it, restarted phone, etc. My phone is a brand new Pixel 3a, so that shouldn't be the problem. I even called customer service during their business hours and they were closed!
i have more muscle than fat and that doesnt know that
Won't let me enter my goal weight. Changes it and doesn't like the number 12! Rubbish app!
Can't even register for an account.
The latest update has made the app completely unusable. I can't open the app. It keeps crashing.
why the heck does this app need a location permission? tf so shady. I'd recommend using openscale
Can you please add support for MyFitnessPal, I would like my weight to sync 
there?
requires location services to sync bluetooth. support confirmed update requires for all android platforms even non 6.0+. support states will keep your data private, but why do they what to have in first place? run
like other users said, this app claims to need location history in order to connecting to the scale via Bluetooth. can't see why they would need that other than to sell my data. I already contacted their support via email 7 days ago and never heard back. I'm sending the scale back
Leaving 1 star because I can't leave zero. The scale is ok, the APP sucks! It worked fine at first, now I can't even open it. All of my data is gone. What's the point now?? My entire reason for getting this scale is to use the app.
Was logged off a few months ago and now I can not log on. I can't even create a new account. Complete BS
Forcing location.. A scale does not need your location
I got past registration once, but went to show my mom how it works and I continue to get network unavailable. The kicker is I can't seem to use this scale without the app! I'm really bummed!
App was OK at best but apparently the latest "update" included some "special features" not advertised by Renpho. Norton Mobile has flagged it with Unusual Behavior (auto-install and/or auto-update) as well as sharing data with unknown locations. Scanned app with two other "Malware" scanners and they report suspicious behavior as well. I had thought this app, along with the wireless scale I purchased were awesome for the price. Now that's all changed. Sadly "get what you pay for" still seems to ring true even in this age of wonderful technological advancement. Free apps with extremely low priced hardware... Buyer Beware! No product or service in this world is ever truly free. Uninstalling the app and now investigating a scale / app combo that I can trust.
App needed too many permissions and ran down my battery. I only weigh 3 times a week, so why it needs to run all day is crazy. I'll go back to the old scale.
Just got the smart body tape measure. Directions say to click the tape measure icon in upper left. The icon doesn't exist. I can't find an icon anywhere, let alone where directions say to look.
GPS request to use Bluetooth is so shady! I'm glad I tested the app before buying the scale.
It was great until I upgraded my phone from a GalaxyS8+ to a Galaxy S10. It won't connect. I think others have experienced this problem. I contacted Renpho with no response. Also, I'd like them to get rid of the requirement for GPS.
GREED! App was working fine until the update. Why am now I being forced to share device ID with third parties for a product I PAID FOR!!! Now I have to buy a new scale that can sync with my phone.
app just keeps saying server unavailable. It won't even let me send a help request. I might just return the whole product.
Horrible experience. Same as all the other users issues. 👎
The app will not connect my pixel 2 XL to the scale.
The app continually accesses my location every 20 minutes. Every time I use it I have to perform a force stop to keep it from accessing the location. Looking for a new scale/app.
Weight Scale syncing doesn't work with Pixel 2.  Could only manually enter weight and was unable to gather the additional body metrics.
The scale won't pair with my phone. Scale is nice, app is trash.
This app doesn't always connect to bluetooth. It happens ALOT!! TERRIBLE app.
Doesn't work. Ask for location permissions claims it's required for bluetooth pairing. Never needed to give location permissions to pair any other Bluetooth devices
stupid ap, if your birthdate is 1990 it works, otherwise spend hours swiping. not able to entrr password, the text screen pops up and there is no way out. do ppl ever try their own app? junk
90 percent of the time it doesn't work with the app. I have a samsung phone and it's been rubbish since we bought it. Seems to work ok with my partners apple phone.
App doesn't work
It only worked the first time I connected with bluetooth. I have tried for two weeks and it doesn't connect. Dissappointing.
Very inaccurate - relies on assumptions rather than making actual measurements and 'bioimpedence' data.
Won't connect to my Samsung A70. I should have read the reviews first. It worked couple of times and then stopped. Issue seems to have started adding another user. Wasted my money. Paid the higher price because it can connect to smartphones. What is the point if it won't even connect to your phone.
Why do you need my location for me to track my weight?
It used to be fine, but now it wants permissions to share my biometric data. The prompts come after clicking anything on the app and the app is basically unusable now. DO NOT DOWNLOAD, and if you bought a scale that needs this app, return the scale and get a different one that isn't this invasive. I would have returned mine but I made the purchase months ago so thats not an option. It was ok until the persistent prompts started in the past couple weeks. Unusable. SAD.
It works on phone with Android 8 but doesn't work in Android 9: Bluetooth issue.
I just installed the app on my Google pixel 2xl and was able to log into my 
account correctly. However, even allowing location permissions the scale 
did not connect to my phone. I've tried everything. PLEASE HELP
Does not receive the data from the scale. Don't even know whether it is the scale issue or the app problem. The scale shows weight, the app shows the scale as an added device, but no synchronization. :(
Waste of time if you have an Android phone, doesn't connect!! Have to keep deleting device of your phone and re connecting every time you get weighed!!!!!! I have also took the batteries out like says in the manual, shouldn't have to keep doing that!! Waste of money!!!!
Not what I thought I bought.  Just a plain set of scales.... which I already had. Big waste of money
This app is refusing to sync my weight unless I have my gps turned on. That's really sketchy.....
Stopped working with my s10. Error 1221. Won't upload the Bluetooth anomaly report. What's going on?
The scale is technically flawed and Bluetooth only. Going to see if it can be returned.
Sync with Fitbit doesn't work, therefor useless for me. You would mean such a basic thing should work, but apparently they update the app and fix bugs every two month or so... Sent back my scale, will buy from another company.
Total nightmare of an app. It won't download on my smart phone or PC. Tried to find it online and ended up downloading a virus. I bought the scales and was looking forward to working with the app. Completely frustrated.
Glitchy, won't connect to my wifi, have to turn on Bluetooth & location, randomly leaves out some metrics, doesn't explain metrics well. Cheap. Don't bother.
Loved the app and scale until the app started a cycle of logging me out. I can't seem to fix it... It worked fantastic before the update....
Will not allow me to even log in. I recently got the Google pixel 2xl. I'm not sure if that is the problem. This used to work on my Samsung. The entire reason I bought this scale was for this app feature. I will be requesting a full refund.
This app connected to the scale on first use but will not connect at all since. Keep getting an error message saying to try again later! I'm going to return the scales as they are worthless if they don't do what I bought them for.
Can't pair properly, and can't delete your device even after selecting the device and choosing "delete". 0/10.
I wanted to delete one user on my account, so I thought "delete account" meant to delete the user but it deleted my ENTIRE ACCOUNT !! I lost 4 months of progress!!!! Make it more clear what it is the user is deleting next time
I was optimistic but it has been disappointing. I bought the scale for the sole purpose of it syncing with my Samsung health and that has yet to happen. Really annoyed.
Norton detected a issue with the app. RED flag. your personal info being sent to unknown sources.
Does not sync with the Google pixel 2.
This app is utter garbage. It won't even let you create an account. I see the renpho team send some message saying thr problem is fixed but they are clearly delerious!! How can you have an app that will not allow you to create account. This is a car crash of a service, my final score is minus 5 stars. If I was renpho I would quit while ahead
Refuses to pair no matter what. I've tried all the suggestions/ troubleshooting and nothing works. Deleting app and returning the scale.
Privacy policy claims "You can use the relevant features without having to register anywhere." but it does not actually appear to be possible to use any feature at all without creating an account.
cannot login because keyboard is in way
App won't now connect to scales over Bluetooth after update. Well done guys
App server doesn't work
The app crashes and won't stay open for any function. I am using the latest 3.8.1 version.
App not logging in. Update: after reaching my goal it logged me out and wont log back in
The app worked for the first weight measurement but I haven't gotten it to connect since then
Sketchy AF. I like the scale, and the fact that the app works with my fitbit app, but then I noticed the full permissions list. WHY DOES A SCALE NEED PERMISSION TO MAKE PHONE CALLS WITHOUT MY INTERVENTION? Why does it need to see my location at all times, or be able to modify my settings? Uninstalled. I'll be using the scale and inputting the data myself.
Both the scale and app are horrible. Just bought the scale, followed all directions twice and I still can't get it to work. Uninstalled app and returning the scale.
Garbage. You don't need my GPS location to tell me what my weight is. Give me a break. And the impersonal, generic response to everyone's negative feedback? I won't support a company like this. But let me guess, contact customer service right????
Can't set up account.  Put in my email address and password twice ... and the next button does nothing : (
No more Weight Screen!? Only Ads! What happened to this app?
Doesn't work with pixel 2 😡 This should have been started before they took my money.
I find it highly offensive that the app for my scale demands to know my location. This is not China. This America. Please provide an App this is not designed to spy on your customers.
Won't let you set up acct. Useless.
Does not sync with Google pixel XL 1 on Android 8.1
Requires your location so they can sell it to third parties.
I will raise my rating when YOUR APP STOPS BUGGING ME FOR MY LOCATION EVERY FIVE SECONDS!!!
This app is completely useless. Will not let you create an account or send a message for support. Absolutely worthless. I see all the connectivity issues but I have a Droid turbo 2 and thought it would be ok for me. Nope. Apparently this app has ZERO support. Do not buy this scale
Not able to create account next option is not working... I think I threw my money on buying this bluetooth weigh scale...  🙁😢😡
The latest update messed up my results. I weight myself last week and my results was on the wrong date. I don't know if this is a glitch for people who are using the guest account?
App is totally broken. The scale itself it frustrating but what's worse is it forces you to use this HORRIFIC app to do things I could more easily do with pen and paper. I don't know what Indian digital sweatshop these guys have running this junk, but it's really useless. Find an alternative scale and tracker, it's not worth the hassle.
It doesn't connect to the tape measure and the ads block everything making the app congested. Horrible and never will purchase another Renpho product.
The body fat measurement worked once, then it was "no bioimpedance 
detected" every single time.
It wont let me sign in just says loading and then goes away. Restarted phone and uninstall then reinstalled app still nothing.
Worthless. This app doesn't work with a Samsung Note 8. On newer devices,  it requires location to be turned on and that has nothing to do with this app. ( it really doesn't matter why. It's still limits this fancy Bluetooth scale to nothing more than a digital scale.) Even with location turned on, it was clunky and difficult to connect.
Good thing I spent $30 on a smart scale that won't connect to my phone. I could have just stuck with the one I already had.
I wish Google would let me write a 5000 character review on this garbage app. The age set up has horrible layout, most apps let you pick your day/month/year. this app REQUIRES your location because it claims it is necessary for the bluetooth connection, and if you go to Google's page that they provide, it PROVES that location IS NOT REQUIRED for the process. when you select "Dont ask me again" and deny it the ability to use your location it locks on the permissions page until you agree. DONT USE
07.07.2017 update.. bug hsd been fixed and App is working fine.. 100 % recommended now.                                App worked fine for 3 whole days.. really nice outlay and easy to use but it wont load anymore making the scale pointless.. plus u need the app to make changes on the scale like swapping pounds for kg. If they dont fix the app soon im returning the scale back to Amazon
Location service for scales app - get lost
unable to create an account or submit a help ticket, it just says "network unavailable" when try to do anything.
Refuses to pair on the Bluetooth even though the phone can see the device. App requires information that I believe it should not need. Phone has paired with other devices without the need for GPS so this app requiring it is just wrong.
Doestnt sync with scale. complains about location even though its turned on
Can't use the scale at all without giving network access to their dodgy app and creating an account. Huge privacy violation. Constantly attempts to connect to random servers in China. DO NOT BUY RENPHO PRODUCTS!
The app only occasionally connects with Bluetooth scale and the displays inaccurate information.
Losing bluetooth connections all the time. Annoying. Just about to give up. Buy something else.
WHY does this app demand an email address and personally identifying 
information like birthdate? Why does it also demand to have access to 
location information to use Bluetooth? That id ridiculous and completely 
unnecessary. These requirements should be illegal!
App sucks.  Not intuitive.  Not competitive with other brands on market.  Android Bluetooth issues.  Bad product don't waste your money.
Broken since the update...just crashes immediately, probably should've tested it
It will NOT sync! Doesn't even find scale! Followed all instructions even changed batteries still won't sync. I have sent a screenshot of the error message. Please assist if possible. Will change rating once I am able to actually try. I brought this scale because my aria was horrible!
Stopped working after six months. Can no longer open.
Doesnt connet
Not syncing with my galaxy s10+
The scale is inaccurate and worthless. I can get different weights 8 lbs apart if I reweigh myself. I am throwing the digital scale in garbage and relying on an accurate analog scale.
Will not sync to my Note 9. I didn't have a problem with my Note 4 syncing though.
android p broke the app
Not working well for multi users, very often not sync with the app.
been trying to connect my HTC phone for the longest time. connects. doesn't sync. I've given up now. just need a new scale. waste of money
Doesn't connect with android. Scales are useless without the app
App keeps crashing evey time attempting to start the app after the new update...
Very trashy user interface and app disconnects from scale way too frequently.
There is currently a bug, where it signs me out of myobile account and tells me that I am signed into another device (I only have one device with the app running). It logs me out within 5 seconds of it showing data (Samsung s9+)
Just got the scale today. Download the app and when I try to sign up it doesn't work. It keep saying my password need to be between 6-16 characters.
Crashes on two separate phones now, lost all our data
Can't even get it to download. Ridiculous.
Scale and app has no right to ask for GPS location! Huge privacy breach. Horrible! With no GPS tracking scale doesn't work. Unprofessional and bad! To Repno: Contacting your email address is meaningless...Why don't just just do the right thing and provide an option to disable the GPS for your Scale.) Again, a scale should NOT ask for GPS coordinates as MANDATORY requirement to run the app.)
Hard to pair. Norton warns the app collects device information, requires giving location. I'm sending the scale back. Scale seems nice but the app to use it is a deal breaker.
Do not buy! Bluetooth issue is popular with this scale.
Asks for your location, doesn't even link to the scale. The scale's cheap, the app's cheap, just a bad buy all around. After changing phones the scale just delivers an error code and cant connect.
The lastest update broke the FitBit integration. I need to turn off and on the FitBit integration every day to make it sync. Fix it, please.
Will change to 5 stars if fixed: Bug w/most recent update... It takes hours before it will sync with Fitbit now, and is slower overall PROS: Lots of tracking options beyond just weight, and it graphs all their trends which I LOVE, the new update now includes a spot to enter and track measuring tape measurements. You can change the theme colors of the app, and have friends to share weight CONS: The new update it takes a long time (literally hours) before it will sync with Fitbit
Not a smart scale, as the app won't even let me set up an account. Do not buy this scale if you want something to reliably connect to fitness apps. It seems like the only way to get it functional is to contact tech support, as their servers are inadequate. I'm not going to do that; it's not worth my time. As a scale, it's fine. Not worth the money.
Previous comments say the problem is fixed for Android 8 and the pixel 2 
phone line, but it still doesn't work on my Pixel 2 at all
Since my phone updated to Android 8.1 the app stopped connecting to the scale. Upsetting. Customer service has yet to solve my issue.
I used to love this app and the scale. Now it's just a huge headache. I have to sync with Fitbit over and over and over again. It will not hold this setting. Look for a different product, I no longer recommend. Dear Renpho - there is no V4.3.1 update available, and the current version on Google Play is V3.4.0 which is what I have. Of course I still attempted to uninstall and reinstalled the app (AGAIN!!!) trying to force an update somehow.
Doesn't sync with scales
Scale and app had been working great. However, the batteries died and I replaced the batteries. We have tried numerous times to re-pair the scale to put phones, but it will not work. Please help.
App will not work with Google Pixel 2 XL.   I read multiple reviews about how others experienced the same issue. I've also read the responses from the Renpho team saying that they "resolved" the issue and to please contact them.   This is not the case!   After contacting them they informed me that "due to Bluetooth chip compatibility issue, this scale that you have bought cannot sync with Google pixel 2"  I am rating this a 1 star due to the team misleading everyone with responses saying that they resolved the issue.
Can't even set up an account, because of that, I can't even connect to the scale!
Requires location to be turned on in order to connect to scale. It's obvious this is some Chinese spying garbage. Reporting to Google Play and Amazon.
Si no hay compatibilidad con Pixel 2, prácticamente se convierte en una balance manual.   Espero que solucionen pronto este problema.      I've updated my pixel 2 with new Android 8.1, and it stop to connect with my phone.   So in this moment I only have a manual  balance.
Not working !!can't sync to my phone !!
Sync stopped working on Pixel 2 XL
Well I can't even tell you if it works or not because it doesn't let me create a new account! I enter my email address and password and NOTHING dosen't take me to the next page. I'm stuck!
Requires GPS? why?? Your standard response of contacting support is a huge red flag. Companies that cannot answer such a basic question are usually deceitful and do not have the consumers best interest at heart. While overall I like your product, my recommendation is that people look elsewhere untill you address the issue/question publicly.
Scale doesn't connect anymore.
why does this need location...
Losing blue tooth. Scale worked fine for some time, then lost the bluetooth connection. Have tried everything suggested still will not pair. Have deleated app from phone then reinstall, will not pair. Have rebooted phone and scale, will not pair. Have watched youtube video from company, did everything, will not pair. Have rechargable scale, fully charged. Without bluetooth this scale/app is useless. Should have kept fitbit scale.
Bought scale...can't create an account. Emailed customer service and awaiting a reply but likely returning scale.
Obvious errors in the Graphs generated for trends in weight. sent this info to Renpho. No way to post a screen shot here.
Would be cool if it didn't tell me to turn on location services every 8 seconds.
App doesn't load after update
Total trash. Returning the scale too... Accidentally misclick my wife's data and cannot retrive mine. I'm super upset with this product.
Bought this device for the app. It just stays stuck in pairing.
app won't let me go to any screen past the password confirmation
Horrible app. It asking me a permission to my location. Why you need my location guys?
I CANT CREATE AN ACCOUNT. PLEASE FIX.
App doesn't even open
Bluetooth function no longer works... App is pointless now
Bought this from Amazon. Been trying to register an account with more than 
one Ema address. It kept saying account already exist, but when I try to 
use the email to reset password, it says the account doesn't exist. Been 
trying for half an hour still no go. The scale is nothing but a regular 
scale of the app doesn't work. I am planning to return this scale to Amazon 
for a full refund! Such a disappointment!
Doesn't work for Pixel 2 sent in help request no feedback shame as it works well with my wife's phone
App would not accept my own email and password. Dumb and NOT user friendly
Keeps crashing
setting up account complete disaster. no option to change incorrect info, doesn't tell you info has been submitted. cannot reset password. date calendar for changing year is hideous if born God forbid before 1980. Gets worse, just tried to do the warranty, what is an skull, apart from a box on the form with no clue where or what to look for.
The app is only useful if it can connect with the scale. Because it does not connect with the scale then it is useless. Returned the scale and app uninstalled.
scales are out by almost 10kg...that's too inaccurate to use
Will not pair to my phone. I was excited about this scale. Now I am disappointed. I will be returning.
This product and the app is a scam! I entered 2 different heights and measured my weight and the results changed infinitely!! Which completely proves that this scale takes your weight and height and calculates an average of the body mass, BMI and everything else!!!
Connectivity to the app from the scale is painful. Inaccurate readings start to occur as batteries weaken, yet no indication that the battery is weak
If I could give it 0 if I could. It only calculated my weight etc on the first try and ever since it is telling me I weigh between 12-13 pounds. I have recalculated the scale I don't know how many times. You get what you pay for I guess.
Never synced to my Google Pixel phone no matter how much troubleshooting I had done
Will not allow an account to be created, so no features work. Tried the help button to send a message, this does not work either.
Doesn't work since Android 8.1
worked great till last update. it wont allow me to log back in now
Just cancelled delivery. Was excited to give it a try, but after reading about required permissions such as location services (and the company's shoddy 'response') I cancelled. Fix the overstepping and I'll reconsider.
Does not work properly with a Pixel 2 :( Was able to add the device, but nothing shows up in the app after weighing.
App doesn't connect scale with my phone at all. The scale is more or less useless for tracking purposes without being able to connect to phone.
App doesn't work because you can't create an account, it just swirls and doesn't create an account. This scale is going back to Amazon asap.
Absolutely useless, nine times out of ten the bluetooth connection doesn't work and I have one of the most popular phones on the market. I have tried all the suggestions, removing battery, turn off, turn on bluetooth. It just doesn't work.i just want to get my measurements, not spend hours trying to get the stupid thing to connect. Pointless waste of time. I will be returning my scales for money back. 0 or minus stars, not even the single star you have to give to post a review.
Worked on my iPhone but won't work on the Samsung Galaxy Note 9 Update. After many times pairing and unpairing and pairing again the device still won't send the data to the app. 23/10/2018
Garbage. You can't even create an account. You put your email address and password in, and the "NEXT" button does absolutely nothing. Save your money. Buy a better model with a company that actually cares about it's customers. Smh. Waste of my time and money....
If you cared about the development of this app, you would forward it on to support yourself. Please add the description and range details of each section i.e. BMI, body fat, muscle mass..., from the measurements tab into the trends tab, so you can see what each section means and know what range you're in, without having to go back and forth between the measurements and trends tabs.
Just brought the scales ..... and downloaded the app .... they don't seam 
to be compatible... I have a Samsung Galaxy 9
Useless. App keeps crashing
I have a virus protection on my phone and it stated that this app was sharing my personal information and it was messing with my virus protection on my phone sending my information to an unknown location. Wow! I had to delete this app.
Invalid birthday???? That YOU made me pick from a stupid calendar that piously assumes I'm 30 years old???? Uninstall this garbage.
In graphs plotted, the same x axis interval can represent various different dates interval. Even primary school students aren't supposed to make this mistake.
WASTE OF MONEY KEEPS LOGGING OUT SAYS SERVER issue . Then it will log on then When I try to weigh-in it logs out ridiculous don't waste your money
I couldn't setup the login for the app, called custom service and she said I wasn't the only one having the problem but couldn't give me a time frame on how long it might take to be fixed. Very disappointed in the product and especially the customer service received. I will be returning the product.
Useless App. I couldn't even register. I'm glad I tested out the app before buying the scale.
Doesn't work with galaxy S10+ as others have mentioned.
Does not connect with OnePlus 3T
cannot log on a and get password
This app hasn't worked since July 2017 when it updated and no longer 
receives any data or connect to the scale. Absolutely useless now. Have 
reinstalled, repaired, done everything but no data is sent from scale to 
phone app.
junk. why would u need my location to change the scale settings???
Not good. You shouldn't have to have gps on for a scale. Sending back.
Can't create an account with app. Always get server busy response. Setup account online and app still wont sign in. Worthless app and scale. Go to help at bottom of app sign in and get server busy response on sending help request. *PROBLEM SOLVED*. MY PHONE, TABLET AND ROUTER USE A VPN. THIS APP WILL NOT CREATE AN ACCOUNT IF ANY OF THESE DEVICES USE A VPN (LIKE NORTON WIFI). THIS NEEDS FIXED BY THE MANUFACTURE. This is causing many frustrated customers. Now I would really like support for Samsung health.
Why the hell does a scale app need an account and access to my location? 
What a crock. Stop selling our data.
Doesn't sync with Pixel 2 XL
I would love this app if they removed the GPS requirement to sync up devices.
Crashes on subsequent starts, when using guest account.
App loses all data after each weight. You have to configure if you want it in kg or lb, cm or inches, interconnectivity with fitbit/googlefit,  etc. You have to do it all over EACH TIME you use it
The app was working perfectly until the latest update. when my Renpho scales would no longer pair using Bluetooth.  I actually thought that my scales were broken.  I bought a replacement only to discover that the same Bluetooth connectivity issue with this app was present with the new scales.            I have had to uninstall the latest version of the Renpho app (2.13.0) and download a previous version (2.12.0) from an apk mirroring site, which instantly solved the Bluetooth pairing issue.  PLEASE SORT THIS OUT RENPHO!  P.S. I have submitted a report of this issue via the 2.13.0 version of the app before I uninstalled it
I just received my scale today and had no issues with creating a username and password. I love the features this scale and app offer however I don't understand the permissions. My primary concern is that my antivirus app said it detected malware when I installed it. I'll give you a chance to explain and hopefully correct this before I uninstall the app and return the scale
App is completely broken after latest update. Keeps crashing on start on android 10, moto g8 plus. FIX IT ASAP Update: i fixed the issue by uninstalling and reinstalling the app. Easy enough, but I cannot believe how this update coule have been rolled out with so little testing
BEWARE: Bait and Switch for unnecessary permissions in order to use app! 1st off, the scale is very nice and works fine as a basic scale. The issue myself and many others have found is that in order to use the app, you MUST enable your location settings/GPS after giving them your email address and other info just to use the app. It's very deceiving to do something like this and via a fake message saying that 'Android 6.0 devices REQUIRE location settings to be enabled in order to use Bluetooth'.
Won't record to Fitbit app. Keeps disconnecting without my consent. Already allowed it to access Fitbit. Records to Google Fit fine but unable to update weight on Fitbit.
I was losing my mind trying to figure out why the app does not connect with the scale. Turns out it doesn't work with pixel 2xl. Please fix app asap as I rely on it to track my fitness. Unacceptable
Inconsistent Weight Measurements. I weigh myself throughout the day with this scale and some times I'm 121lbs and 4 hours later I'm 105lbs. We all know that's impossible and my weight is not fluctuating 15+ lbs a day. My boyfriend weighed himself at 190 on a traditional scale and this wouldn't put him over 175 that day. I am prepping for a bodybuilding show and bought this to track my stats as show day gets closer. The inconsistencies have me reconsidering this purchase.
Constantly asks for GPS permissions. Why does my scale need GPS positions? Probably another Chinese product their government is using to collect data on people.
This app is great, but it has one feature that ruins it. On the summary page, your weight, bmi, etc, show either as red, yellow, or green. The ranges for those colors should be customizable. I will never be at "normal" weight or BMI. Even at my doctor suggested, healthy weight. So even now that I've hit that goal I see my summary numbers as yellow. I'd love to have those goals customizable so that I can see a green summary when I'm at MY goal weight, not the weight Renpho thinks I need to be.
Terrible app. I even cannot log in and when I try to recover password I do not get a verification code by email.
Adding second user doesn't work.....
PLEASE READ As a web developer, I found it very fishy that when I was creating an account, my password was being treated like text instead of a password field. This leads me to believe that they could be taking people's passwords and emails and doing whatever they please. I'm not 100% sure how it works on apps, but it sketched me out enough to look at the reviews before signing up, and what do you know? They want your location too!? For a scale!? This is beyond sketchy. Dont sign up!!!!
No matter what I do it won't connect to the app and I'm stuck using kg.
wants GPS. says it is required for Bluetooth. funny thing is plenty of Bluetooth devices don't need that to function. just download an app that gives renpho fake GPS data and point it to the middle of the ocean. let their marketing department figure out the rest.
Worked perfectly for a month but like so many other people it has stopped linking with Bluetooth and as a smart scale is now useless and freezes my Android phone. Cannot recommend until bugs in app are fixed.
To be fair the app actually works pretty good but the scale is terrible. It isn't even remotely accurate with the body fat percentage which is the only reason I bought it. It's off by more that 20% so it's pretty pointless.
Requires location to be turned on. For an app to connect to a bathroom scale this is a ridiculous privacy breach.
Why the F$#& do you still not list your terms of use or privacy policy. Clicking both links provides no documentation on either one. I want to use you app and scale but I will not agree to nothing. Fix it ASAP.
It won't even let me log in. it keeps crashing and when I finally get it to go somewhere, I create an account but when I try to log in it says wrong password. I just created the password. whe I click "forgot password" and enter my email, it says the account doesn't exist. I regret buying this stupid scale. it's going back.
unsafe ap, does things not listed in permissions.
Says account exists when i try to set up new account. I have never used it 
before. I guess will return the product
Does not support the Google Pixel 2 XL! I've been waiting months for a fix!
Great, bought a scale and the app needs my location. Not at all suspicious.
Cannot even create a login. I type in the info (using a password with either all letters or all numbers), and pressing Next gets no response, unless I purposefully type in passwords that don't match, when it'll say I typed inconsistent passwords. Awful user experience. No point in buying the scale without the app functionality
my wife bought this scale a few months ago as we needed a bathroom scale. she had mentioned in passing that it was Bluetooth and there was an app that we could use to track our weight and such but as it's just a bathroom scale to me, I just blew it off. I was home alone one day and decided that I would look into the app for this so called "smart" scale but after reading bad review after bad review on the app alone I think I'll stick to using this as purely a regular bathroom scale.
I am willing to change my review if I can receive adequate help. I have been using this scale/app for a little over a month. I weigh myself almost every day just to see the trend. I give you that information so that you know I have a decent amount of data. For just over a month, I loved using the products and the results made sense with what I was doing. Results fluctuated normally. This past Monday I weighed and my bodyfat shot up 4.5% in one day and all of my non weight measurements were off. Basically everything was opposite, body water way down, skeletal muscle way down etc. The only correct measurement seems to be the weight. I have tried everything... resetting the batteries, calibrating the scale, cleaning the scale (thinking there was a problem with the sensors), restarting my phone, disconnecting and reconnecting the scale within the app, restarting the app.. Nothing has worked. I have reached out to the company multiple times via phone and email. The customer service reps are telling me that they can't help me and that I need to speak to tech support via email. So far, tech support is telling me to try things I've already tried. I'm very disappointed because I *was* a very happy customer... I referred the scale to all of my coworkers who also bought it and have been using it. I hope they don't run into the same issue I have.
This app operates my GPS, even when it is not open. This eats battery and I have to manually force stop the app in settings.
DISAPPOINTING! Oh, the scale is wonderful, but you're telling me the app's devs are so lacking in skills that your data CANNOT be ported to your new smartphone?! The app's write-up informs you as such, but I wouldn't dare believe that until I changed my phone, and after LOGGING into the app downloaded unto my new phone, my data wasn't restored. So then, what the hell is the point of creating an account and turning on Location?! Is Renpho stealing my data?! "Watching" me?! RIDICULOUS!
App does not work at all and customer service was in no way helpful. Don't waste your time or money.
Why does this app need to know my exact GPS location or have access to my 
camera? Why should it have full access to my contacts and be able to call 
them through this app? Never mind allowing this app to make changes to /or 
reading the contents of my SD card! I'm sorry, I find this invasive. I'm 
also not sure if there is any real security in this app. I guess I'll 
remove the app and return the scale to Amazon with complaints of the 
invasiveness of the app.
Not compatible with Android 8.1.
privacy policy, terms of service and everything you collect caused me to delete the app. App/Scale wasn't as accurate as I thought it'd be anyway ans connecting it was always a pain.
Norton caught it trying to install another app. Not a good or honest. Fk them
Both me and my fiance have the app. My numbers come up totally different (10% body fat difference) on her phone than they do mine. I've checked, double checked, and triple checked that all the info I entered for the user is identical on both my android and her iPhone
This app is coming up as not safe with my Norton antivirus. I installed it anyways and now I'm having constant warnings about the app having unusual behaviour and trying to install other apps without my permission. I'm a little annoyed that the body fat doesn't work on the scale alone without having the app installed which is clearly not a safe app!
I had reset my phone and had to reinstall the app but now it's not letting me log in at all, it says server is not available... it's so frustrating!
Since the new update I can't connect to the scale through Bluetooth. All permissions are on my Bluetooth is on but it is not connected
Even though it says it doesn't require location service to be turned on, it forces you to allow location service
No support for Pixel XL 2. Should have say it before buying it. After almost three months, they have updated the app and still haven't fixed the issue. Unbelievable!
Does not sync on Pixel 2
What a waste of time trying to set up this app hate it
The sync feature stopped working for couple of months. I need to go to app setting and clear Bluetooth cache and re-pair periodically. However, the fix only last for one more sync. Please fix this!
99% of the time won't sync with app. Used to work perfectly every time but now I'm lucky if the app will even register my weight. Even if I get on and off the scale, turn Bluetooth off and on, or just reset the app it still won't register anything but my weight. So disappointing. Please fix!
So far I can get it to read my weight in realtime but it won't save anything making the whole scale usless.
Please stop with the constant notifications. I said "no" to connecting to Samsung Health. Accept that. No need to remind me before and during using the app. Every. Single. Time. I don't know why you need my location to connect to a bluetooth device. I've had headphones, radios, cars, etc.. all connect without using the location. Nevertheless, please only prompt this action if it does not work with bluetooth only. Just give it a try. Please. Overall helpful insights but utterly annoying app.
I want my weight not an account.
Just downloaded the app and can't sign up. Rubbish!!!! So now I can't adjust settings for my newly purchased scale. A bad 1st impression. Update: Had to use another device to sign up for the app. Informed the developers and expressed my disapointment. Update: June 13, 2019. The app continues to have problems receiving data from the scale. I have gone through all of the troubleshooting steps recommended from the developers without success. What a disappointment.
Does not work on andorid 9 pie. Crashes after start, shortly after "enable GPS for Bluetooth" prompt. Both are enabled, no options to edit/change any setting before app crash.
Still not functional with a pixel 2 on 8.1 large paper weight. Even with latest fix. Able to connect through Bluetoothbut not to actually use to weigh
My scale and app say they are connected but my weight and stats aren't 
updating. Honestly thinking of getting a different product. This is 
frustrating. LG V30 Reply to RENPHO: I've tried that several times already 
and it still doesn't work.
Does not sync
I am trying to manually enter todays weight, which I have done a few times but it wont accept my input and keeps going back to my last weight. Please give instructions how to fix as app so I can keep using. My bluetooth doesnt always work with my scale so sometimes I have no choice but to manually enter. I want to give5 stars but Ineed the app to work. Thank you.
I've already had a reply from your team saying the scales can't weigh in stones. Thought these were supposed to be smart scales, and they can't even weigh in stones which is just laughable.
Connected once with the device and not a single time since then. Have deleted the connected device multiple times, uninstalled and reinstalled the app, cleared cache and data multiple times, reset all of my bluetooth connections, replaced the batteries with new ones, set the phone right next to the device when measuring. Never get a bluetooth connection symbol from the scale. I have a Nexus 6P with latest android and location enabled. All out of ideas
The only thing the scale does accurately is weigh you. Everything else is less accurate than formulas you find online. There is no bioimpedence from the scale. The app won't connect to bluetooth without the location permission. Location is not necessary for Bluetooth. I highly advise you to avoid RENPHO and any company that looks like them.
Pixel 2 XL. Information does not populate once scale device is connected to phone and app. No syncing. Will update review if fixed.
Terrible, bluetooth doesn't connect
The scale is good but this app is terrible. The connection is slow, 
jittery, and it takes much longer than necessary to sign in. This isn't a 
banking app, why the F do I need a password?
The stupid app won't even let me log in. It says, not connected to network, despite that I have just downloaded the app from the internet, and am writing this review on the effing internet!
Totally not what I thought I could use it for. The instructions tell how to 
link the scale to the Google fit app but if you look closely at the 
pictures in the manual it's for an iPhone. I still went ahead and tried to 
do it for my Android phone but to my luck nothing worked. I really wanted 
it to sync with my Samsung health app but unfortunately it wont.
The app will not work unless GPS is enabled on your phone and the app has access to it, all the while Renpho claim they do not collect this data. They claim this is to comply with Google. I checked my Bluetooth app on my phone; it does not have any permissions to access GPS and it works fine - i send and receive files from other phones and computers without issue. I also use a couple of other apps that do not require GPS. The GPS system and the bluetooth app on my phone are TOTALLY seperate and do NOT require each other to operate. I believe the claims made by Renpho are bogus. I am contacting Google for confirmation.
Its a scale, nothing more and not that good of a scale. The measurements are always wrong, on any giving day the scale will say i lost 10 pounds then weight myself again the next moring and I gained 20. Even connected it to my Samsung health and jumped on scale said I lost 87 pounds in one day. So don't take anything to heart. Just another scale.
Have to allow everything ... its really bad
A miserable failure of an app. I never seen an app not being able to create even a new account!
Constant connection issues
Purchased a scale off Amazon. It arrived and I went to set up the app. Unfortunately it keeps saying the app server is down and to try later. I have thus been unsuccessful in logging into the application have have not. even able to use my equipment ☹
Not even woth reviewing.
It dont weigh everytime you use it I've deleted and reinstalled on numerous occasions wish I'd never bought it at times want my opion look else where there has to be something better than this
Does not work with 8.0. Even before I updated my phone I would have to restart my phone to get it to connect. But since the update it simply does not worth at all.
Then one day on my android. Bam. Could not get the app to work again. But it worked on my Apple.
A frustrating waste of time and money.
I am trying to register for my new scale and the app wont allow me select the 'next' tab to complete registration on the app. If I can't register then i will have to return the scale.
The latest update 4 December keeps causing the app to crash. All was working fine and I really liked the app but something has clearly gone wrong in this update. Please fix soon Renpho! My device is a Google Pixel 3
Doesnt connect to Samsung Health on Galaxy Note 20 Ultra despite using the set up in app.
This app and accompanying scales are utter rubbish. The body fat calculation is completely inaccurate. I know from using body fat calipers (for a fraction of the price of this useless technology) that I have lost bodyfat, I can also see it with the eyes in my head that I have lost significant levels of fat. I can also tell by the fact my trousers no longer fit, because they are too baggy.... But according to this app I have stayed at the same level of fat, and sometimes ive even gained fat.
So disappointed, this app do nothing at all. I just bought the scala, but is going back. . No way to use the app. I can't even login... Not recommended
Pixel2 regular not connecting to scale ever since 8.1.0 update
App crashes constantly. What a waste of money. Fix it please or I'll return the scale.
Broken. Doesn't work with my Google Pixel 2 XL running Android 8.1.0 :( really wanted this scale to work properly.
This app works fine. I uninstalled it because on my new phone, the app required access to my location. Renpho doesn't need access to my location to measure my weight. Just as easy to keep a manual log on my Garmin Connect app.
If I could give less than one star, I would. App is completely useless. Won't connect to Google Fit from a Samsung Galaxy Note8 running Android 8.0.0. Very disappointed and unimpressed. Considering returning the scale. Wish I hadn't purchased it.
Can not restore accidentally deleted Data! comply useless. I accidentally erased over a years worth of data. All gone can not restore from a .csv file or google fit. Do not buy peace of junk
garbage
not working with galaxy s10+..scale won't sync or be recognized in the app
Why does everything needs your location this days even a scale company
Not syncing with Pixel XL 2 since Android 8.1.0 update. Was working fine prior to the update. Will amend review if the issue is resolved.
Youngdo app is better. This app is not clear and it doesn't encourage you to keep your weight in track. Please update it using Youngdo as a reference.
Scale does not with app, returned to Amazon. Disappointing.
App pretty much bricked my phone upon launch. Had to wait about a hour 
before my phone would reboot and restart. Cannot force stop app. Had to 
uninstall. Scale does not work without the app, so pretty much have a 
bricked scale now. Waste of money and time. Do not buy.
Terrible. Worked for first week then the app never syncs with device. Doesn't let you reset settings. Uninstalled, reinstalled, somehow I was still logged in??? Deleted my account made a new one, still doesn't work. What a waste.
App no longer works rendering the scales virtually useless. Keep showing a location permissions reminder.
Awful!!!
Confusing. Doesnt show how to connect the scale.
Bought my scale. Phone says its connected. Added tk my trusted devices. Scale isnt talking to the app 😣
Worked one day. Now it won't connect. Disappointed.
Still doesn't work with my pixel 2 xl
Was a great scale then all of a sudden i cant log into my account unless I agree to terms that dont evem show up when I click them. I payed full price for a scale I can no longer use. You have no right to any of my info after paying for a product.
Requires account and internet access. Not possible to use offline. Good 
thing I tried the app before purchasing the scale.
Poorly made. UI is atrocious. main screen doesn't update with recent weigh in. Pathetic
Another fake product. How anyone could believe these numbers. The only right calculation is the BMI. Its the ratio of height, weight, sex and age. I can figure it out myself. Every other calculation is wrong. If you want to know more about your body go to a doctor for a full body MRI scan. For a little test I put on the scale two dumbells 160 lbs over a pair of shoes. And gave me numbers as if dumbells have body fat, Visceral fat, Body water, Bone mass, protein and Metabolic age...
Sorry, it pairs with the phone but then it doesn't work! Unless something changes the app is useless, I'll update the review as soon as any improvement happen
App is require location permissions in order to use Bluetooth.
Just got my scale today. Went to download the app and create an account and can't do it. Useless. May be returning scale to Amazon. This was the main point of getting the scale. Very disappointed!
This scale is saying I am 10lbs heavier then my old scale and my doctors scale. I have it on a flat surface. Very disappointing because so many people said it was a amazing scale in a support group.
Why does location NEED to be enabled in order to use the app??? just seems like another app fishing for personal info to sell. #RespectPrivacy
After 2 weeks, the scale no longer connects to my phone.
Buggy app. Keeps saying your account has been logged in another phone or tablet.
I would like to challenge the makers of this app and this scale to give a non bs answer on why they need my location to pair the scales Bluetooth
Been using this app for about a year now and all was going well. However over the past couple of weeks (don't know if it might be related to an update) but all of my previous weigh ins are gone, and now it will not save any weight ins I do, once the day is over I can no longer see what I weighed that day. Such a disappointment
Has worked great until now. It will no longer transfer the info to fitbit on either me or my wife's accounts. Have deleted both Renpho and Fitbit and reinstalled but makes no difference
A stupid app for a stupid product
Took me about 10 tries for the scale to connect to my phone. The next day it stopped working again. Please fix your connectivity problems, I see a lot of similar complaints (should have read those before buying the scale...) I also just noticed it uses location data for some unfathomable reason... seems dodgy.
I can't get it to sync with anything! I'm very frustrated.
doesn't open after yesterday's update... please fix asap
Doesn't sync with my phone. And worst is that I just went into the app and it's deleted all of the weight that I have entered except for the very first once. I had set up a refund to send it back but my printer broken now I can't print the return shipping label? Because today was the day that they were supposed to get it. So now I'm stuck with a scale that doesn't work properly. It takes my weight but nothing else.
App won't accept any password. Will return scale when it arrives.
I think by far the worst app I have ever downloaded. Does not sync to the 
device. I returned my device. It's just the worst
Won't let me create an acct
The scale might be good but you need the crappy ap to get the data you want. Getting it to recognize and pair up was a long drawn out hassle. Finally got it to work doing the same things I'd done multiple times. Tried to add another user, which it's supposed to do. Same hassle. wouldn't recognize user. still waiting to hear back from customer support.
This app only worked about 3 times. Now everytime I try to open it, it shuts down. I uninstalled and reinstalled without any success. I love the idea of this, but it's not functioning at all.
Can't sync my scale to my phone nor can I even log in to the damn app
App is very buggy. I bought the scale before I read the reviews on the app. Please fix!
I have a Google Pixel 2 XL.  It does not sync! Why can't the physical scale tell you all of the numbers (body fat %, etc.)??? While I want for RENPHO to fix the Bluetooth issue, I will have to manually record my weight by SWIPING as opposed to typing in numbers &gt;:( ugh....
won't connect to my phone anymore. seems a lot of people are having this issue. yes I did send an email and haven't heard back
want my location? nope, uninstalled.
not connecting.
Can't open the app anymore. It keeps crashing. It used to work fine before
This app used to work and now won't connect to any Bluetooth phone in my house. This is nothing more than a normal scale. I will update this review when the connection issues are corrected.
Sketchy. Why does Location have to be on for the Bluetooth to connect? I have not experienced any other app that does this. I'll be finding some other scale for my needs.
Got it working. But the scale varies 5lbs on the same hardwood floor location. Also why does an app that just measured weight need to track my location for Bluetooth to work? Returning the scale.
First impression, app needs to use location. To weigh me... Not ok with that. Will not let me use it without allowing location. If this changes I'll reevaluate. Till then, it's a scale on my floor. No app
They have no good answers with their FAQ to help me so I wrote them. It seems they don't answer the write in help request. I wrote twice to make sure I gave them all the info about my problem but never hear a thing from them. They got one star because you can't say none.
Garbage app, doesn't connect to the scale to track your progress.
App cant connect to server to set up my account and apparently does not allow for a guest mode so that I can at least use the basic features of body fat etc. very disappointing.
I've been using the scale and app for over a year. It was great until recently. Now, the app never syncs with scale. I'll have the app open, right next to me and nothing. I try to drag down to see if I can get it to refresh, nothing. What's the point of having a fancy scale if you can't get the info??? Also, doesn't stay connected to Fitbit. Always having to resync. Fix it please!
Fixed the app constantly logging me out. I'm still giving it one Star because the only way to fix it is to agree to the online terms and allow it to use the online system/data.
Unable to install
WHY SHOULD MY SCALE KNOW WHERE I AM? With the last update I suddenly need to turn on location services. I have Android 8, so don't tell me this is a Android 6 requirement, since it wasn't needed just two weeks ago. Although I like the app, the intrusion factor makes this a FAIL for me. I will be uninstalling, turning my smart scale into a dumb scale. So much for spending the extra money on a scale that I could connect with my phone. Wish I had known in advance so I wouldn't waste the money.
horrible. the app won't connect to my scale. it keeps saying abnormal connect. once get that it won't let me upload my logs.
Stop constantly asking for GPS. Need internet and an account just to change weight unit.
App adjusts your weight goals arbitrarily, changes your height setting on its own, clunky to switch between users, so far utterly unimpressed. Will likely not use app with scale to track weight.
Invasive.Forces the use of location. Why? They want to sell my info. They don't need to know where I am. I just want to track my weight & BMI - neither have anything to do with my location. The APP says some phones require location info. - that's total BS. I use plenty of Apps with Bluetooth & they don't require location info.I'm removing the APP for invasion of privacy & for trying to profit from selling my personal location information.
Having the same issue as everyone else can't use it on my Android phone 
(Google Pixel), though it syncs fine with my iPad, quick I luckily still 
have. Pretty terrible experience for anyone who uses Android as their main 
device
Bought the set in amazon and the manual that came with ut had a totally different app to download also  noticed that weight was not consistent even if you stepped on the scale one after another. Then  recently I changed the batteries and cant connect bluetooth at all it doesnt even show on the scale. Come to thr correct app and cant get past login smg wo disappointed
After the lastest update, the app crashes immediately on opening so is unusable.
was a 5 star easy but i gave a 1 star today because app is constantly freezing and then crashing! im very frustrated at this point, trying to view my information. please fix it!!!!
The google play store says it is 100% downloaded, but the open button is grayed out. The scale won't pair with the blue tooth, it keeps saying it failed.
Does not sync with Android 8.1
Cant get my scale set up or load in
Everything was working fine until this last update, now it will not sync with the Moto Z, I'll change the rating if they ever fix the problem.
Now useless as wont open! As others have said this stopped after an update. Prior to this it was a 4 star (as I want she's to read out in kgs and pounds, NOT pounds and NOT kgs but I haven't been able to do this yet. Fortunately the app did convert but at the moment with app useless I have to convert it myself into something I can understand. 😡
Almost impossible to create an account because NEXT button isnt visible after entering password.
App stop working after Dec 4 update.
The x-axis (date) does not correctly show the relative time difference between measurements. One day and two days will be the same distance on the graph which makes the graph misleading. Maybe an issue with the time series plotting? Will update review if this fixed.
This app paired well with the scale, but the body fat percentage said I was nearly obese at 22.1%. I calculated it manually at 11%. I exercise daily after walking all day. Which percentage is correct?
Garbage. Wont even connect. Keeps saying network unavailable. So I paid 
only for a scale.
Requires location access to "connect to Bluetooth" even though it is obviously not needed. It says I can try without it but it won't let me. There is no reason this app needs more location, yet I am forced to give it to them in order to use the app. Otherwise the app works well.
Dangerous. Listen to the other negative reviews.
I could never get past the sign up phase. The app wouldnt progress past the email and password set up. I tried to go online to their website to sign up but you cant do that either.
Highly pissed off I got this weight scale back in the summer now all of a sudden it only tells you your weight and your BMI it will not tell you any other stats all of a sudden it just started I've looked this up and it's because they came out with a new scale they want you to upgrade to a $40 scale screw you and your scale I will NOT BE BUYING ANOTHER ONE FROM THIS COMPANY PERIOD
Doesn't sync with Fitbit. Crashes after every weight in.
to difficult to operate
Dont delete my comments you morons. Your app succks and the world should know it.
Everything good but doesnt have muscle mass percentage. Suck that it has so much other thing but doesnt tell muscle mass percentage. Update 12/04/2019 Now it won't even connect to my phone Bluetooth. Try new battery resetting phone Bluetooth and every like more than 10 times. Still not working. Garbage product and don't buy. It only lasted like 2 months.
After Update of the app lost all my data. Returning the scale back to amazon.
I been on this app for about 10 minutes trying to set up my scale. And it's so glitchy I can't get through the profile set yp
So many issues.
Since the new update the program just crashes. I regret updating. Please fit
Guys this app is not allowing profile creation!
The app is completely unusable. I tried registering through the app. Nothing happens. I registered on their website. It says wrong username or password in the app when I try to use the aforementioned registration. The scale works though... As an every day normal scale. Total waste of money without the app. Scale will be returned. Merry Christmas, indeed!
Needs an update! I'm going to return the scale!
this company is most likely selling my data and plus if I want to connect with google fit, it wants to get all the data from google fit as well. I wonder it even gets personal infos from google fit. I don't like it. and all the same replys.. if they can answer at another site why not here as well..
Why does it not work yet on Pixel? Please fix.
I'm even more disappointed.. developer contacted google to have them remove my review. I will start heating google as weel. my review was honest. what do the developer want me to say? that everything is okay?
Worked once - the first time i connected to the device. Then never again! Unsintalled, reinstalled the all. Deleted the device in the app to reconnect and it never connects. Am I missing something here? Wish there were more troubleshooting guides.
Sells your data to third parties, cannot access features without signup as the privacy policy states. Thanks but no thanks.
Latest update and app no longer opens. Useless.
Crashes when opening on pixel phone. Useless.
Seems to be a lot of problems with app that the publisher seems to just sweep under the rug with 'please contact us via email.' well I'm not putting this review here for the publisher. I just want as many people to know that this app constantly asks for your location, information even when not in use, and I have no idea why, other then it's more info to be sold. It's really just shameful and not worth the constant background messages.
The app STILL DOES NOT WORK ON PIXEL TWO. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THEIR 
BROKEN SCALES AND POORLY CODED APPS!!!
Is something wrong with the app? Was working fine til this week. Now it keeps closing, won't open. Have uninstalled and reinstalled. Still won't work. Was working fine til this week
Terrible. Crashes immediately upon log in. Scale is worthless without functioning app.
For some reason, the developer decided to popup a Google Login that would allow the app data access. It pop-ups every single time i take a measurement. I decline it each time, but it's persistent. Makes me think that this app, and the hardware is a spyware of sorts. If this behavior won't be fixed, I'd get rid of the scale and app. Amazon review will be next.
I loaded the app and attempted to go through the setup. I got to the prompt for allowing access to the devices location and I first replied no. It gave reasoning for allowing and I replied with the option of "I'll try without first". It was at this point that the program would not let me move forward without allowing access. I allowed access, but it would not proceed to the next setup option. After closing and re-opening the app -- it got stuck at the same location. I removed the app.
Having the same problem as other. Ths scale isnt pairing with my phone anymore and it was working fine for a couple of weeks. This is very frustrating because i could have just gotten a different scale that does what it says so im not sure why this is happening. Please fix ...
Wouldn't connect to my phone no matter how many times I tried or deleted and downloaded the app again.
When I first purchased these scales early last year it worked flawlessly. Since the last few updates, it rarely connects with the scales and when it does, it rarely syncs correctly. Data history seems to be missing on most days that I use the scales. I would not recommend these scales and I would not recommend this app.
The app is not working well for multi-users (i.e. each user installed the app), very often unable to refresh the result in app, so you have to quit the app and do it again and ends up with 2 records.
While my phone does NOT require me to have location on, the app blames it on the device and won't let me proceed. Tells me that Renpho is selling my information. Returning scale.
Iike the app but I have to give 1 star as it requires location for not reason. I have several modern apps usign Bluetooth that dont require location.
Was a pretty good app but now just hangs after connecting to scale with a blank white box and spinning circle.
Rubbish. Trying to set it up but cannot get it to accept a password. Tried several times but first okay but when I try to confirm it on the second line I get a X and cannot get any further.
After updating my phone to Android 8.0, the app no longer syncs with the scale.
Bluetooth does not connect
Doesn't sync with pixel 2
Don't working My registration didn't pass to next step! I'm trying send email and ask why, but didn't work as well.
It doesnt connect with pixel 4 xl. I tried keeping bluetooth wifi and location on. still doesnt work. what a rubbish device. and no one is responding. returning right away.
Why does an app for a bathroom scale require access to location data? It's definitely not because "some android phones require enabling services to pair with bluetooth devices" the way they claim, since no other app using bluetooth has ever required this. Interstitial blocks use of app unless i give location data. Uninstall and returning hardware.
I'm pretty pissed. I'm 5 feet tall and 131. Says I'm severely over weight 
and says my bf% is 34... 34!? No man, it's 28... And I'm just 
barely.overweight, not severely... What a waste of money
Getting the network connectivity issue like others are. Until that's fixed I can only see body weight.
cant even create an account. 🤷🏻‍♀️ pointless to have an app if it doesnt even work.
Won't sync the scales to my phone at all after all of their advisory processes. Waste of money buying these scales!
App doesn't open since last update. Waste of time
It's a nice app, when it works. It won't let me Sync to Samsung and I've written to support about it, no luck, but that was my only issue. Today it started logging me out instantly, saying my session expired.
Sketchy. Updated app required agreement with new terms and conditions and privacy policy. Tried to click through to read it and "document is not available." Wow. You require me to agree to terms you won't let me review? Bye. Scale didn't seem to be terribly accurate either.
After last update app crashes all the time and don't even start Uninstall and reinstall didn't solve the problem
Worked for about a week after buying, but then would no longer sync over 
Bluetooth. I have a pixel 2 and restarted the phone and scale multiple 
times to no avail.
Cant download app
I cannot even make an account to start using the app. The "NEXT" button does nothing after entering an email and password. This is useless and I will be returning the scale.
Unable to sync with Pixel 2 XL
Wont recognize password that is correct. Wont pair to any of three devices
Not working at all
The app stopped pairing after 2 months. Despite uninstalling and reinstalling as directed by developers the scale cannot be paired. I also tried to install on another device and received the same messages. Unable to pair with scale. So while app may function the scale is defective. Therefore app is no use
Why does this app aks for my location? Do not tel me to write to the support, answer here.
Worked perfectly before update, now miss data all the time!
Alot of issues with Bluetooth. The graph section is basically useless because the AI picks random measures to create graphics. It ignores some for no reason.
Didn't work downloaded 4 times waste of time
Just purchased this scale and this app is trash. Work on fixing the app! Now I'm going to have to return the scale, can't even use the functions in which I purchased it for!
60.1 BMI + 70% body fat = Gar-bage'
No Pixel 2 support
Could not even create an account. Junk.
Absolute junk. Won't even let me log in and it doesn't offer to remember your login so it requires you to log in every f@$&in time. Thought I might have forgotten the password. True to change it and when I pressed confirm it did nothing. When I am able to get in it almost never pairs with my device. It was inexpensive,  so I guess you get what you pay for.
I just need a scale to tell me my weight and related information.  Your app sucks
Tried on nexus 5x as replacement for a yunmai mini. Can't even get into settings on app to change scale setup as requires a network connection which keeps saying unavailable (yet when I put in wrong PWD it says invalid password). Will be returning scales
This app requests my location two times every hour FROM THE BACKGROUND. I understand location access is necessary for bluetooth scanning but there is no reason these background location requests should exist.
Why do i suddenly need to enable my gps? they are weighing scales!!!
It doesn't support my pixel 2 xl nor my girlfriend's pixel 2 as well. Would 
give it 5 until it works
crashes on login, forgets settings, gets stuck. low quality app. update: after new release, same issues. the app forgets fitbit settings after each logout, and every time two users use ut, the last is logout so i have to update settings Everytime i use the app.
I only bought this rempho scale to get all the added measurements that can 
only be seen in this failed app. I have only successfully logged 3 
weigh-ins since purchase 2 months ago. I've asked for help. I disconnected 
scale from app. I've delete app and reloaded. I've followed the companies 
advice. NOTHING HAS WORKED. End result, I now own a $40 scale that tells me 
nothing more than the weight; which my old scale does perfectly fine. 
Beyond fed up. Beyond frustrated. I've wasted $$ and lots of time trying to 
get this simple smart device and app to play as they are advertised tho do. 
FAIL!
This doesn't work. Keeps saying network unavailable even when data is 
working for all other apps. Not able to submit the issue via website too. 
All the main functionalities of the scale are via app and it doesn't even 
work. Total waste of customer time
Won't connect to the app. Have uninstalled and reinstalled, keeps saying "device not found"
hi all i have the same problem was working fine and now suddenly wants location ive done everything watch their YouTube on it ..still no good now they're saying it's not covered because I didn't buy it from Amazon and bought it on eBay but I said to them I may have bought it on eBay but it is still got a years manufacturer warranty which is you they have just ignored my email not even replied to it so my advice don't buy this bloody scale it's useless and so is the company.
Will no longer connect to the scale as many others have mentioned. Worked fine for two weeks and now nothing. Tried to reset and all advised troubleshooting.
App crashes after update. Awful.
Will return device and delete app until you remove the need for location tracking. Not cool
UPDATE ***** ISSUE NOT RESOLVED! I tried again this morning and scale 
doesn't sync to my pixel 2 xl. But works fine with my older phones. Renpho 
keeps responding to everyones reviews with "issue resolved" IT'S NOT I 
recently upgraded to a pixel 2XL. The app no longer connects with the scale 
making it useless
Stopped working, makes the scale useless. Lost data.
Only 2 gender options
this app and the weighing scale are terrible. the smart scale always has issues connecting to bluetooth
Non va...  Marion?? attenzione al taglia e incolla community manager....  Comunque NON VA su Android PIE 9. Inutile usarla.... inutile comprare i prodotti a meno che non abbiate un vecchio telefono android!!!   Confermo 1 perchè 0 non c'è!
App stopped working after almost two years of using it. It constantly asks me to make sure the app.has permission to access my location. I make sure my GPS is on even though I don't like to keep it on, and the app has permission in my settings. It's so annoying because now I have a scale that doesn't remember my weight or tell me any other info just because the app got a stupid update. I will be reviewing the scale on Amazon where I purchased it too. Annoyed!
What a terrible app. It doesn't even connect to my scale anymore all of a sudden and setting it up again is the biggest hassle in the history. Stay away and get a good quality scale instead
Cannot connect to server....ever. my brother got me the scale for Christmas and its pretty much pointless because the app doesnt work.
app no good when scale dies after 2 months
Unusable, poorly made app
Asks for location and loops back to the screen even if I say I will try it without location. Deceptive
Bought the smart body tape measure. Have a note 20 ultra cannot even connect it blue tooth just keeps saying waiting on scale connection. If these devices are going to be sold at least have your apps up to date to be compatible. Spent an hour of my time that I cannot get back! And please do not leave a message for me to contact you. Nothing that's connecting Bluetooth should be this complicated.
This app requires signing in. It just seems like this scale is designed to collect your data. It's very sketchy
Needs tablet support
Worked for a couple days with my Pixel 2 and now it doesn't.  Seems like everyone else has the same problem.
I'm trying to install, but won't download! I've tried several times, but nothing.
The server isnt available for me to even make an account and sync my stats with my fitness app. I wouldve chosen another scale if I knew this would be such an issue. It's been 2 days and so far I have a regular scale.
Does not connect to Google Fit app, even though it says it does
Lost my previous records after the update. Can't recover what I had before. Terrible app. No wonder it has low ratings. Oh, and the video tutorial doesn't even work. I'm on LG G6.
I can only display the measurements screen for myself..It no longer displays for my wife. For my wife, all there is is a graph.
Replacement received very quick and working as it should.
I use to like it because of the bluetooth connectivity to the app from the scale. But now it will not let me connect and I am stuck on some screen that won't let me go further. For the person who stated you have to be on a private wifi...b.s. I'm on my wifi and still nothing. Please fix this glitch!
Unable to pair with s10
I just bought this product but I'm wondering why do you need my location just to have my Bluetooth turned on
Their support is horrible. When they aren't outright ignoring you, they  just tell you to reinstall the app, even if you already have and even if  you provide detailed logs and information showing what the problem is  (that's generally when they stop responding and ignore you). Do not buy  their products.    Edit: No, the problem was not solved, and I was already talking to support. *I* "solved" the problem myself by purchasing a competitor's product.
Can't get my scale data to upload to the app. Everything is connected and i repaired everything multiple times. Essentially makes mt smart scale just a scale.
You have known about the connectivity issue for months and it still hasnt 
been fixed. Very dissapointed with the scale and the app. The devs need a 
reason for their paychecks. FIX THE CONNECTIVITY ISSUE
After update it forces me to sign in. I don't want this. Prior results are unavailable. Take your scale back!
After update I cannot use the app anymore wants me to login, why? "Contact support" as a solution is not acceptable, you broke it, you either fix it or tell me how to return the now useless scale. RENPHO - DO NOT REPLY WITH "CONTACT SUPPORT"!
Server temporarily unavailable all the time
Not able to create an account for some reason.  S7.
Fix this app...
Nosy App - Device And App Made In China
Cannot register the app so it is completely useless. Will not open. It 
tries to connect but says that the network is unavailable. Every other app 
connecting just fine.
Last update killed it. Keeps saying that it needs location permissions. Which it already has. Turned setting on/off, phone on/off, same issue. Don't even respond with "We can help you just email us at..." - NO. JUST FIX YOUR APP OR ROLL IT BACK.
This app is messed up. I have a very high muscle mass, but my skeletal muscle % is well below normal, bone mass is above normal and I have so much body fat I'm obese. I'm not even fat... I think im returning this. It doesn't work even remotely accurately.
The app works well enough, but it's contantly running in the background triggering battery usage warnings. There's simply no defensible reason for the app to behave this way.  Also, the dev claims the app must have locations services on because this is a BLE requirement. True, but BLE is absolutely pointless because the scale isn't on and able to answer scans unless you're standing on it. Plus, the app worked fine with no location services in the last version.  Given the app needs location services, runs in the background and uses data when you're nowhere near the scale, this is a HUGE RED FLAG, a privacy concern.  UNACCEPTABLE.
Very suspicious app, do not even think of downloading. Doesn't function either.
It won't let me sign in !! Its getting me so frustrated !!! Saying my 
network in unavailable, but I have really good service where I'm at !!!😠 
and I'm using my network to get on here so its obviously working !! Fix it 
Please !!!
Bluetooth doesnt connect sometimes. I've tried troubleshooting and still not working this current time. I waste so much time every other time I want to weigh myself trying to get the scale and app to work together
I wish I knew how buggy this application was prior to my purchase of the scale. Why am I being forced to sync with my devices yet again? I am lnow being forced to create a profile of my measurements. All I want this for this app to record my weight and BMI so that can be shared with Fit and Samsung Health. But now that is not possible without me creating a record of my measurements. Pure trash. Developers should know better than to enforce restrictions on app usage after the product release.
the app Is horrible . Doesn't even let me login and now it won't let my boyfriend create an account.
Not syncing since I upgraded to Android 8.1 on Pixel 2 XL EDIT: even with new version, still does not work. Got confirmation from support pixel 2 + Android 8.1 is not working, they are working on fixing it.
My phone did an auto update on this app and now it force closes when I try to open 🤬😡
WHY THE NEED FOR LOCATION
Just got my scales and the app doesn't seem to be working at all. Every time I try to register and account it tells me 'invalid email' or 'email already taken' then when I go to log in it tells me that no such account exists.
App just stoped working, won't even let you set up an new account with a new email address or work when you uninstall and reinstall it again. Just says the account is loged in on another device. Very dissapointed
App needs GPS coordinates to function or you won't get information sent to phone (only weight will show on scale). Scale fluctuated with weight readout across just a few minutes. Didn't find GPS requirement stated on Amazon's website. I will be returning the scale.
Updated last week and no longer works. Crashes upon opening.
Won't open..
Keeps crashing. Unusable
Does not connect to my Huawei p20. I tried all the troubleshooting and it keeps saying its connected to a ES-20M..... Meanwhile I have a CS20M-W. I dont understand why i have blutooth on as well as location and have reinstalled the app twice and it still does not work at all. Assuming i must return as it clearly does not work with my phone or some other issue.
Force closes on Samsung S8 as of latest update. From perfect to useless
Just set up app, haven't used it yet. BUT, to enter birthday a calender pops up with date of Jan 1, 1990. You must press forward or back arrow (one month at a time) to your birth month/year. There is no way to input directly or quickly scroll - I had to press back arrow 36 times (I know, I'm old). This seems unnecessary especially when entering height is an easy scroll. Perhaps the kids who designed this are not aware that people over, let's say 30, still exist. Now let's see how well app works.
Hard to do the Bluetooth sync. I got error messages related to the synch process, but then the app eventually started to record weights. It would not register % body fat or any other of the parameters (body water etc). Am returning it to Amazon.
Omg, this app and the location. Why but why humans have to ruin everything with their constant need to gain power over others. Returning the scale.
This app collects unnecessary information, forcing you to create an account with an email and password even though your weight data is stored locally on your phone. They also force you to provide your location for absolutely no necessary reason. Would not have bought this scale if i knew they were forcibly collecting private information.
No longer works with bluetooth on my phone
Installed the app, registered, allowed permissions and connected to the device. Now although my phone (S8) connected, it wouldn't transfer data to my phone. Double checked all permissions, logged out, logged back in, uninstalled and reinstalled the app. Still the same. Waste of time
This is the only app on my phone where I have ever received a notification that it was sharing my personal information. Their privacy policy is bogus. Telling what will be shared and adding "and so on" meaning whatever they want. I do not trust them. App uninstalled.
Since phone update the app let's you log in, then crashes completely the second the scale page loads and says I am logged in elsewhere which I am not. My scale is now just an ugly paperweight and is completely unusable because the app won't work. Ridiculous! Up until the update I absolutely swore by this scale but 1 error and now it's useless.
***OK GUYS HERE IT IS!! WHAT I suggest TO counteract THE bologna!! I use a VPN for everything! DWNLD/THEN turn OFF network access.CHECK permissions on app that IT has NO permissions*Don't agree TO location!! turn IT on*yourself/click off the window*USE onlyguest mode*Give initial for name/your B-DAY/height.Let it sink get all your measurements\*take screenshots/save them\turn off location on permissions/&ANY. FORCE STOP the app 3 times.then IT stays OFF.repeat when wanting to use it. HA!! MAGA!$
Stopped working after the 9/25 update. Scale is no longer detected.
What a waste of money. Doesn't work with Pixel XL 2. I'm sending it back.
This is app is Garbage and needs to be resigned immediately.
So upset as I saw that the scale got good reviews online.  However when I got it and stepped on the scale many times it does not send any information to the app 😡 Have a Google pixel 2...why is this not working!!!????
App now crashes on launch with latest update. Renpho splash screen, white background, immediate crash. Samsung Note 20 Ultra. Are you not testing these updates?
Signed on the first tme I weighed in, but every time after that I could never sign into the app.
It's very difficult to get this scale to sync/ pair with my phone.  After several times it may sync and then it will still disconnect from Bluetooth. This process just takes up too much of my time.
Although created my account successfully on the website and able to login there, I'm unable to login in the app. Contacted support several times with no solution so far. After several attempts, support just stopped replying to my emails. I've purchased a feature rich scale that in the end turned out to be just a simple one because the app doesn't work. The only thing I'm able to do is measure my weight since it's the only thing that the screen on the scale shows. I also don't understand why we need to create an account to be able to access the scale features. Does not seem to make any sense to me.
One of the least obvious apps I have used in my experience. Furthermore, it requires location in use. They claim location improves Bluetooth connectivity, though it also allows to connect without it. However, if you don't turn the location on the app will pop a screen to turn it on every 5 seconds making the app impossible to use. What if I just want to see at my data when I'm away from scales?
Does not work with pixel 2
Nags you when GPS is off. Has no way I've found to update your weight, seems to update it when it randomly wants to do so. That feature alone missing makes the app near useless.
A very frustrating app. It keeps logging me out, not recording anything, not connecting to my phone and telling me server down. To think we were excited purchasing the scale. Big let down
at this time of writing, Feb 25, 2018, this app and the scale that I bought is not compatible with the Google Pixel 2. it's unfortunate but I'll be keeping this 1 star review it has been fixed, either by Renpho or Google.
App worked great over the past year on my Galaxy s9. Just got the new Galaxy s10 a few weeks ago and tried this app for the first time today. App required me to log back in (fine) and it brought up all my stats from prior weigh-ins over the past year. Great. I step on the scale and..nothing. App is not connecting to the scale now. Went to device mgmt to add a new device, (didn't work), delete the existing device *and* add a new one (didn't work). Even uninstalled the app, deleted my account and reset it. The app update seems to have broken something, and now I have a dumb scale. Thanks Renpho, I wasted $30 on this garbage scale.
Tried and tried. Would not connect to my phone
Norton put red flag on the app.
Fix the G'D way to input age!!!!! seriously making people scroll on a calendar to get their age and put it into the system is ridiculous! why can you not just allow us to enter the information physically! other than that so far I like except that it's a huge pain in the A$$ to do your birthdate
Would not detect scale and connect. Never got to use the app and features. I had to use a different app that worked flawlessly with scale.
Lots of bugs
It sucks. It says I have an account when I don't. Can't use it. Returning 
it to amazon
After 6 months the scale stopped connecting to the app. Now it's just a dumb scale
Can't download this app. Scales now only tell me my weight... How do I get this app?
Can't log back in!! I literally just weighed myself, and as soon as I went in to set goals, it kicked me out and won't let me back in. Tried to reset the password and it told me my email is not associated with any account! Honestly, with all the permissions it requires it's not worth downloading.
Nothing can be achieved with the app. Forgot password doesnt work. You will get blank screen after you enter new password. Account retrieve has same issue. Practically, its either you login successfully or no error messages will be displayed if you are trying to recover your account
cannot connect with my new galaxy s10 phone. I have tried to troubleshoot many times and nothing that the develop has suggested is working at all really disappointed that I was able to use it before upgrading my phone as that is the only thing that has changed.
sropped synxing
Google pixel 2 won't work with this app.  If u have an a older phone it's fine.
too many security concerns... don't download this app
Just received weight scale and tried to use the required app.  I keep getting error message "network unavailable" on son's iPhone 7 plus.  Without the app, I have only the weight and not the other info which is why we purchased it. Useless without a working app.  Will change my review when this is corrected.
Cannot to bluetooth with new scale and new phone
Extremely hard to set up and understand. Standard "Dear customer" responses do not help.
Does not communicate with my smartphone. Useless.
Non-funtional unless you willing to share your coordinates to with our friends in China.
Bluetooth on the scale stopped working after 2 days. My phone's bluetooth 
doesn't recognize the scale. I deleted the connection in the app and tried 
to re-pair but now I just have no devices connected. Took the batteries out 
of the scale and back in... Nothing. Logged out of the app and back in... 
Nothing. No idea what happened. Should have heeded the bad reviews instead 
of thinking it would work for me.
This app is useless. Do not buy the scale as the app won't support it and without the app you cannot get full use of the scale. Renpho evidently has no plans to fix it either.
Everything was fine until the recent update. Now the app won't stay logged on and it keeps saying server issues. I'll change my rating once this gets sorted out but take too long and I'm going to buy a different scale and say to heck with this P.O.S.
why does this app check my location 3 times an hour when im not even using it? surely this is a GDPR violation?
UPDATE: yet, ANOTHER update and it STILL does not work. Paid almost 30 
dollars for a scale that does the same thing as a 10 dollar scale. I turned 
off both my location and Bluetooth, restarted my phone, turn everything 
back on, open the app, removed the device and readded it and still nothing. 
It shows up on the map to add but does not send the information to my 
phone. So over this. ☹️
Stopped working after 2 days.
Not working on Pixel 2.
Scale is great the app sucks. I have to sign in everytime & than half my data is missing. If I sign in on my tablet or on my phone I get totally different readings Some data shows on 1 device while other data shows on a different device. If I have to manually input my information ALL my other data is deleted. I called customer service 3x This scale getting sent back I am beyond frustrated with the app not working. I'll put out the extra $ for a Fitbit scale. Extra money = less frustration.
The app needs to access GPS settings on order to pair with my phone.  I don't know why. Also the weight varies by several pounds just from stepping on and off.
Will not work on my network VPN and doesn't encrypt password. ( OS tries to spell check password. Can't be encrypted if that's the case )
The app is not syncing with pixel 2 android 8.1, it works perfectly fine with Samsung galaxy 7. Facing this issue for a while hope renpho team fixes this issue.
I am stuck on the guest profile page with no way to log out or switch accounts. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling and force stopping the app.. It was working fine before my sister made a guest profile.
My husband and I are using the same app on my phone, and the same scale. Multiple times now, the app will not switch between my profile and his, despite clicking on his name multiple times, so he sometimes just cant record his data.
Says installing. Won't install. Waste of money, as it's default is in kg
Great app in concept. If only it actually worked a small fraction of the time. Constantly need to uninstall, reinstall, sync with the scale, unsync with the scale, etc... Horrible waste of time
ES-CS20M Can't Connect! The scale model # doesn't show up the list of available devices in the phone's bluetooth settings. The scale doesn't show up in the app to try and pair. Would give zero stars if it were an option. Tried the "Bluetooth Anomaly Detection" to no avail. So disappointed I was pumped about getting this scale but if all it does is show me my weight I could have saved the $30 and kept my cheap Walmart scale! Uninstalling and returning the scale.
Won't let me sign in. It downloads, asks me to create an account, I create it and nothing happens.It won't go forward or back. It installed on my Samsung Note, but it won't do anything. Customer service should keep someone online to help troubleshoot.
I bought this to link with fitbit. It's worked fine for about a year until this last update. Now both my wife and my renpho apps do NOT link with fitbit. We've made sure the renpho app has the correct settings. The renpho customer service is non-existant. Their phone number is disconnected. The comment section in the app will only accept a photo, no actual comments. I'm giving up on this system and looking elsewhere!
Instructions are incomplete. Accuracy is poor. I stepped on the scale 3 
times and it weighed as much as 2 pounds different. Would not pair with my 
phone. Could not get it to do anything more than measure weight, none of 
the other functions appear to work. Maybe they only work if you're 
connected with the app, which isn't happening for me. I'm returning the 
scale.
Useless after latest update. Tried to reinstall an problem persists. Real let down.
Works, but why do you need my location? Others have posted and all they say is contact support to troubleshoot... It's not a troubleshooting issue. WHY DO YOU NEED MY LOCATION? And there it is. You're a bot or a complete moron. UNINSTALLING UNTIL YOU REMOVE LOCATION PERMISSION AND ANSWER THE QUESTION WHY YOU NEED IT. Reporting you to Google.
The scale won't sync with my phone. Location and blue tooth are on.
I just received this scale, and it's going back immediately. Why should a SCALE require knowing my location at all times? I'm in a location where I don't get a signal from gps, so it refuses to work. I wish I'd seen these reviews before buying this trash!
Why would an app for a scale require location services to use Bluetooth? Absolutely do not trust this app and their intent if they want to keep track of my location when I use their scale. Shady.
Have been using this for over a year and now it crashes as soon as it is opened! Loved it when it worked but extremely frustrated now. I have the newest version with no update available.
Incorrect info.
The app keeps logging out after 45 seconds saying "your session has expired" .
Doesn't work with Pixel XL 2. :-(
It used to work. Now it can't pair the device, or register any measure, or even signin.
The scale no longer connects to the app on my phone. Please fix this!
My Norton Mobile Security just notified me that the Renpho app is able to 
AUTOINSTALL other third party apps. This is highly unusual and EXTREMELY 
RISKY behavior. Renpho must must must fix this immediately. ***update: This 
is the one and only app that I have that has been red flagged by Norton for 
intrusive ads and dangerous behavior (auto installs other apps). 
Furthermore, the warning appeared several weeks after installation when I 
reopened the app... not on the download page. I am completely unconvinced 
that the developer's explanation of this app's behavior in reply to my 
initial post is correct.
as of last update can no longer sync over Bluetooth
Erases saved data. Crashes. It wont work at all. Sad to have the app and the product.
This app is 100% for certain spying on you. There is no conceivable reason 
for GPS to need to be enabled. When GPS is disabled on the phone and I step 
on the scale, I get an error message on my phone. So obviously the scale is 
communicating with my phone just fine. But it will not log data without GPS 
being enabled. Beware of this company. I am uninstalling the app and 
returning the scale. Made in China. 1 star for the red star.
Bluetooth feature defeated
Could not even register, nothing happen. The server was unavailable. Alternative: use the OpenSource OpenScale (fdroid store). It works very good without any privacy issue or account to create or internet dependency.
I share renpho and my friend got another app called renpho smart, so confuse and annoying!
Doesn't work with Samsung, bluetooth doesn't pair to measure your body fat and enter a goal weight, complete waste of money buying the scales if your using an android device, have followed all the trouble shooting and this fault is at the manufacturer end and NOT user error
Crashes immediately and every time with latest update. Please sort ASAP
Junk.  Doesn't work.
Like so many others have complained about, can't even connect to the device. My phone sees it, but can't connect to it. Tried 2 different phones. Same thing. I see renpho responds to the complaints saying, hey, contact us. Well how about just make it work like the hundreds of thousands other Bluetooth devices on the market that work flawless first time every time?
Absolute garbage, never connects, I have to get on the scale like 5 times to get it to actually send the data to my phone, I have given up hoping to use the smart functionality of this scale because it simply WON'T CONNECT TO MY PHONE EVER RELIABLY. how does something this trash get released as a product?
The update sucks! I loved this ap until then! Loved but the updated version keeps shutting down, won't log me in, then it does for a second, says my login has expired then kicks me off. I'm uninstalling the update and, hopefully, my connection will get back to normal.
Can't even download app
Unusable on Z2 Force running Android 8.0. Crashes constantly.
Constant location requests killing battery.  Uses way more permissions than should be necessary for syncing to scale.
Will not use an app that requires access to my location.
Really...I don't understand why the gps / wifi must be active to have the app working..
Doesn't sync with my U11+ which is running Oreo 8.0. Was previously working fine on my S6 but no joy with this handset.
Got this so I could connect to the body index scale, can't connect what-so-ever. Also forces location information, which is NOT needed to use with Bluetooth on any other Bluetooth device I own. No way to skip it, if you do, still forces you to accept or uninstall.
not telling you my location. returning scale and uninstalling app. bye
Waste of money on scales main point is this unless app which doesn't work, scales will not pair on Samsung s10, s8, s6,s4 or note 4, galaxy tab 6, Sony phone. Tried on all nothing just keeps spinning on the screen trying to connect. Trouble shooting is pointless unless app thinks something is wrong that's a waste of time. As it just says nothing is wrong. And you can't submit your report. You afraid of getting actally reports of bugs in your software app? Or do you guys just like misleading?
Download this app worked great forthefirstmeasurement, now it's not opening at all. Close immediately after opening. Sure was cool for a short span
App does not work with Android 8.1 ... Verified with older phones on Android 7x, works ok, but not with latest Android   App was last updated in Nov and several people have reported this but company just suggests opening a support ticket.... Please update the app to support the latest version of Android... Just a scale otherwise.
Can't even download the app! 'Nuf said!
App doesn't work, seems like server is down. Needs to work offline when the server is down. Now my progress isn't being tracked. Logs me out immediately, or doesn't let me log in at all. Luckily still in the return window for Amazon. Will be going back if not fixed in 24 hours. Plenty of other options.
I'm with everyone else. No app means useless scale. I've tried apps for other brands and I've yet to find one that works...
I to am unable to connect since the update to 8.1 on my Pixel 2 XL. My wife 
also has the same issue with the same model of phone and os version. Still 
an issue on Pixel 2XL. I don't know why you need account information for an 
issue with your app working with the latest hardware.
Body fat % went up from 19.7% on 8th July 2018 to 34.4% on17th July 2018. There was nothing that changed drastically in lifestyle. The fat % has remained up since then. Scale batteries have been replaced without any correction. Is this scale really reliable?
craps out looses bluetooth connection frustrating have to uninstall reinstall and figure out how to relpad data
Couldn't create an account on this app, so I went and created an account online. That turned up an error but the account was created. I have tried to login multiple times on the website and it's worked, however when I try to log in on the app it keeps saying wrong username and password. I've even changed my password on the website, and clear the cache of the app, as well as totally reinstalled the app, but it never works. The scale I just bought is now useless because of this horrible app.
soft ware did not allow blue tooth did not connect with scale, waste of funds, to by scale that cant easily connect
this app is using my gps, even when im not on the scale, several times a day. 1 star until this is fixed. review edit after developer response jan29/2019 - after disabling the gps permission on your app and only turning it on when i use the scale, if fixed the problem myself by blocking your app from using the gps. problem solved. will leave my review as one star. i dont need troubleshooting, i need your company to stop abusing permissions on confidential medical data. one star will stay.
Doesn't synch
it doesn't let me put my new passport in, its irritating
Poorly designed app, can't even get past the sign up page. The keyboard won't go away in password fields or email field, so I can see the green button. Also doesn't support horizontal flip. Useless.
Needs location permission to connect a set of smart scales? I don't think so.
Doesn't connect with Google fit. Just sits with a spinning circle
Please update to work with pixel 2  Update: heard from support asking for my account issue, I replied to their email and never heard back. Wish I could still get my money back on Amazon for this useless product.
Every time I open the app it wants to force me to give permission to access my Google account details, also forces you to give location access, and I can't seem to find a way to stop this. Also I haven't found a way to see the last reading on the main screen once I get off the scale, I have wait till the app decides to show the last reading when it wants to.
The latest update absolutely killed this app.   Just useless, keeps crashing over and over.
Very limited interface. Also very poor Wi-Fi connection unable to setup Wi-Fi. Bluetooth connection is good. The poor Wi-Fi take the smart out of smart scale. unable to connect smart watch data very disappointed with Renpho app.Renpho smart scale not recommended for mobile WiFi networks as mobile networks aren't stable. Explain in their mobile app under troubleshoot.
100% Trash. Regardless of any attempted settings, and even clearing other bluetooth devices from my phone (what a pain!) this app is unable to communicated with the Renpho scale I purchased for just this reason.  Clicking + NEVER shows the scale, no matter how long I stand on it, and if I just go to bluetooth, on the device, to pair, I can sometimes get it to show up, but it will not make any attempt to pair.  I have a 1 year old phone with Android 7.  It's more than compatible.  It's a cute little high-permissions electronic paperweight, but nothing more.  Will be returning the useless scale, as well, because of this app.
Was working ok but suddenly now the app crashes when opened and is unuseable
Will not connect to my bluetooth
App always crashing after the newest update
Why do I have to have my GPS on to weigh myself????? Stop tracking data to 
sell it .
The app worked for a little while but died after the last update roughly three weeks ago. Now it crashes everytime at startup. It's completely useless.
Yet another unsatisfied customer. Bought new scales, after testing it's not even giving off a bluetooth signal. Would write it off as a fluke if not for all the other bad reviews. Will contact support, as the only response from devs seems to suggest, but still giving appropriate rating.
Weighed myself once and it logged me out. Cannot log back in.
Does not work with pixel 2/Oreo 8.1 :(
Like others waste of money buying the scales. Inconsistent performance. Sort it out!!
The app doesnt work. I cant create an account or anything. Very dissapointed. Will return to amazon.
No connection issues but it does not sync well with fitbit.  It keeps recording my wife's weight into my account causing unearned badges.  You have to have your cell phone present at the time of weighing and sync each person separately.  Otherwise it will record wrong weights,  sync to wrong accounts,  etc.  Also within the app itself there's no weight to delete one of these incorrect points.   Renpho's website is down and their tech support has never responded,   it's been a week.
The app constantly freezes and is slow to load information. When I first purchased the scale, the app worked great. Now it seems like the android version of the app has trouble connecting to RENPHO servers to display data. Using galaxy s8+.
This is worse than poor. I cannot establish a password and I keep getting error messages as well as network unavailable. Horrible.
needs location to connect with bluetooth. I don't understand why but I don't comply. Will be returning. The scale.
could not get past login screen
App now requires location information to take a Bluetooth reading. unacceptable.
this app steals your information. Norton says not to install.
What's going on w your app? Crashes and doesn't open after latest update. Please fix ASAP
Couldn't create an account or log in through the app, with an error constantly appearing whenever I tried to do either. I had to go online to create an account, even then I couldn't log in on the app, however I could log in on the website. Useless. Edit: Logged in without my VPN and it worked... Not sure how or why that affected it.... But now the error that is showing is my username/password is wrong, even though it's the exact same that is used to log into the website, which I just tested.
Stopped SYNCING with Fit bit after 3 months mow I am locked out of my account because it doesn't know what my password is. There is no little "eyeball" button to make sure it was typed the same. You have to wait for one person to give you a passcode and you have 60 seconds from the moment you hit send code to retrieve email type in code and password twice. Which would be fine, if I didn't get an email back 6 hours later, with 3 codes at same time, which none worked so I tried again, said all was good, then gave me an email address so fast I had to hit the verify button 3 times to get it all. Still no working app, no resolution since last 3 emails, including a reset was not sent out to me or answered
This app will not even allow me to sign up and create an account! Keeps telling me I need to use a "valid email address." Well, that's the only kind I have! Very frustrating!
incorrect pin or passkey is keeping me from connecting this with my Bluetooth. no odea HOW to get the correct stuff to connect. Will return VERY soon if not resolved.
Followed directions perfectly and it wont connect to the scale. Then, after re-opening the app it keeps crashing.
It's not a smart scale at all. It uses your height and weight to calculate your BMI and then guesstimates the rest of the figures based off that (which is a completely inaccurate more often than not) really disappointing tbh. IMO if your in the market for a smart scale look elsewhere. Do better Renpho or get out of the business.
The scale will not pair with the app. It is actually irritating.
Lost functionality with my Pixel 2 months ago.  Still not working.  Sent a note to support, no response.
Why do you need location data every time?
Impossible to create an account no matter what combination of letters/numbers and special characters. Waste of time to set up
There's no good reason to require location to pair bluetooth. Even more annoying is that I can't view anything in the app if location is disabled. I'm tempted to return the scale
just change my phone to S10 and can not connect. i have tried everything. from taking out the battery to uninstall renpho apps from my phone. nothing seems to works. pls help
I just got my scale and I cannot download the app so annoying
After the latest update, the app keeps crashing every time I try to open it.
App doesn't connect to device and my account when I use my phone pixel 2 XL androind 8.1. but it shows everything alright and connected. Now I can't even log in my account. I sent an email but no response from the company.
I have been unable to connect with my. device, your system has welcomed me back even though I have never applied before.
App keeps auto closing
why does need my location
Not accurate
For Android there is a bug when adding additional users
This app appears to provide a choice to enable location or not. In reality it will not let you keep your location private. I.e. when you say no to location enablement it just keeps asking the same question until you say yes. That sounds like spyware to me.
The Renpho app must be used to have full advertised function of the Renpho scale. But Renpho wants personal info , email and gps location for the app to work. I do not agree to give Renpho these permissions to get function of the scale. And the Renpho scale itself is highly inaccurate.
Can't log in. Won't accept my username and password, which is the same when i log in online. I'll be returning the scale.
Really bad experience so far. Unintuitive, initially lost my data, doesn't seem to connect a second time and gives an endless pushing screen when trying to set my goal weight. Really expected more for an app linked to a physical product which uses the app as a selling point.
Keeps overwriting my measurements with other people in my household using their own phones. Even with the app closed its picking up their data and wiping mine. Not happy as I have lost a month worth of measurements because of this.
The app thus far is never able to connect to the server. I always no matter where I am it says server not available try again later. First I thought it was my internet but I can access Google play & other stuff just fine, so it's clearly the app.
This is for a gd scale. It doesn't need to know my location. Returning my Renpho scale. No wonder it was so cheap. Personal data fetches a good price.
Great App, but will not work without location services on. The reason given is not true and other blue tooth devices dont need it. 20/05/2020 Just had the developer reply to my review. The software data mines and the reply given is simply not true. My headphones and my car does not need it. Why do your so special scales need a gps location? They dont!
Horrible App...impossible to sign in!
Cannot connect to fitbit.
Really is a horribly intrusive app. With way too many pop ups. No I do not want to contact support to troubleshoot my problem.
Does not work with Pixel 2 XL
This was a wonderful app that connected with no problems to my scale for over a year. The scale will no longer connect to my bluetooth ever since the last update! I have done everything from uninstalling to reinstalling the app, to resetting the scale, to making sure the app and device has all permissions needed to work. Really disappointed!
Cant change height
Why so much Google account access required!!? Why keep asking for access!!!?
I really don't understand how this junk survives on the market!
Was a good app. Bought their scale and things worked well. I was a 
satisfied customer who told others about this scale and app. Now they want 
to update their terms of service. Looks like they want to sell data, but 
when I tried to read the terms, the documents were not available. When I 
didn't agree to the unavailable terms, the app stopped working. I bet if I 
uninstall and reinstall, I'll have the new version and I have no idea how 
they use my personal data. Will likely never use RENPHO again!
Don't believe the body trends, my stats are exactly the same when the weight hits the same measurement. when i weighed 76.65kg 3 months ago all the stats are the same exactly as when i weighed myself today at 76.65kg but This time I can see more muscle and less fat but the app seems to think im the same. scales work, but i doubt there's even any pulse sent through the body for a check
All my Google Fit weight data disappeared after the app decided to disconnect the two apps. Now there's no way to put the data back into Google Fit without manually readding every old entry...
The application requires GPS location turned on and accessible by the app. Completely absurd.
Another Pixel 2XL with 8.1 that doesn't work.  Will rerate when fixed.
like so many have written, i too have lost Bluetooth connection I've tried everything including uninstalling the app, turning off the scale, and so on. nothing works. i imagine I'll get the same copy and paste comment from the dev. they need to fix the bloody app.
Just got this scale and it won't sync with my Motorola, customer service doesn't answer, and video tutorial doesn't work. Sending it back!
Huge security issue. When a friend adds you, you can click the friend account and then click Settings to change their goal weight, connected devices, lock password, and even delete their account. How did this get past quality control? I've confirmed modifying all these flaws in the app on a friend account.
half of the time this app doesn't sync. threes no sync button to enforce syncing. altho you could manually input data but the scale will only tell you the weight and nothing else. so there's a big flaw. if it allows me to manually input, at least provide all the info read from the scale.
My journey to a healthy lifestyle is not just a physical journey but a mental one too. I was disappointed to hear the negative slide whistle sound effect when I hopped on the scale after installing the app. It was upsetting to have my weight trivialized and effectively laughed at by a noise usually associated with cartoon blunders. It is a rude, insensitive and unnecessary choice made by the developers.
Worst item I have ever purchased. Can't sync and then to try and reset it... Forget it. Don't buy it!
Scale was a waste of money. Not accurate and I dont like that it needs my location to tell me anything other than weight. I can't even return it without paying $9 in return shipping. I wish I read app reviews before buying on Amazon.
Connection issues, upload exception issues. This app and the scale needed a lot of work. Ugh. Galaxy S9 user... Very disappointing
My mate has the same set of scales, on mine is says my body fat is 10% yet on his it says 20%, despite having a profile with the same measurements on both.
Pos.
Piece of junk, most of the time it will not sync. You can't sync manually. It won't connect to Fitbit either.
Aweful app, can't even sign up, no emails received, total waste of time.
I was happy with the scale. But now I've got a new phone and it doesn't connect. I've done all steps that Renpho recommends and nothing. No connection. This is stupid. Better off getting a different scale if this problem persists.
Since the last update every time when i start the App i must relogin and the app crash than after 1-2 Minutes...
Links with my scales no problem, the tape measure won't, that is annoying, a lot of money for something that doesn't work. Sort this issue out and I'll update my review.
Password setting doesn't work at all. So, I can't create a new account, & because it the account retrieval system doesn't work...I basically have a plain digital scale with useless add-ons. Says to use 6-16 letters & numbers, but no matter what, it won't work. tried uninstalling & reinstalling, different phone, & it still doesn't work after several update cycles. I have the purest form of Android & the most up-to-date (Pixel 3 XL) so it has nothing to do with my OS, this app is just broken.
I cannot create a new account with the app or contact help support! Help
App is useless will not let me log in gets to where it asks your birthday and totally fails
Only recorded scale info once, stopped connecting to scale after that
I was excited to come home from work today and get my scale setup. Tried to create a password won't take it, tried to call customer service they're closed, tried to send an email to customer service the server is down. Not a great first impression. I'm sitting here with a scale and app that I can't get to work. Hopefully I can get some customer service help tomorrow.
scale stopped connecting to app 3 days afer I bought it. 😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥😥
Can't sign up through app.. why do I need to provide my email address to use a scale
Asks ne to turn on location every 5 seconds, makes app unusable.
Didn't realize that the pixel 2xl is the only phone this isn't compatible with, bizarre. Is this a hardware issue? Will it not be fixed in the future? Would love to know, or I think I'll just return the damn thing.
Why it doesn't work without knowing my location? Why you need it? One star, I don't want to have another spy app.
Not much use to me if your servers are down every time I try to log in.
Just updated today and app keeps closing. Very VERY frustrating. And please don't respond to me with a canned customer service response 😡😡
Ok now I'm angry. Doesn't work with pixel 2 I'm reading on other reviews. Wish I had known that. Wish even more the person that responded to my query on Facebook had known that, when I clearly listed I was running pixel 2 xl and Android 8.1. it does measure weight, which any scale can do, but none of the additional features for which I bought it work. Very unhappy now that I know Renpho KNOWS this.
I can not sign up... I have to enter my birthday in arabic and when did so it did not work each time.. I can not see why
A recent update logged me out. I am unable to log in due to "network error" and even sending a verification text to reset my password fails. Will update when fixed.
When i started using it, everything worked fine for about 10 days. But since last three days it cannot sync with scale to read numbers. Not an error code, just keeps spinning and that
Just got the scale from Amazon. Downloaded the app, which won't let me sign in as a guest. Don't want to open an account as I have read the unacceptable Ts & Cs. Also have read the terrible reviews here!! Scale no good without app, so will be returning them and buying a different make.
very disappointed. User info can't be updated, profile picture can't be added, and a second user can't be added. The multiple user function was the reason I choose the scale! Feels like a waste of time and money.
bluetooth connection problem...
didn't work
Won't l me log on or sign up
Can't login or signup in the app. Therefore, can't connect to scale. worthless.
Update crashes app
Constantly bugging
Just received the scale today, downloaded the app per instructions, does not sync to bluetooth. Iphone 12 and galaxy s8 active. Troubleshooting told us to pull a battery or press reset button... doesn't even have a button. This is dumb. I see a history in reviews of connectivity issues, guess the version 3.8.2 bandaid fell off when making version 3.8.3.
Invasive privacy policy that is imposed before you can even make use of your scales. Sending the scales back, I don't see why some company should syphon off my very personal details they can then sell just so I can have full function of a set of scales. The app could have quite easily been made to work offline so as not to send data back, but no, they have to be greedy about every effing thing these days! To dev: Contact you to "troubleshoot?" You mean completely change your app and privacy policy to not be a data syphoning vampire?
Every time I try to login, I received the message about about an expiration of login status 👎👎👎
It is not connecting and showing my numbers.
The app kicks me out right after I log in. It states that the app sign in has timed out?
Will not connect with Renpho smart body tape measure.
New version is buggy and doesn't save weight
Scale & App never connect on the first try. There is no button to get it to even try. You're just left stepping on and off the scale until done mysterious magic happens & it finally works. Terrible product!
TRASH - To sync my renpho scale I have to open the app instead of other wifi options that does it automatically in the background (strike 1) I also have to force close it twice every time I want to weigh myself because the app and scale don't recognize each other the first 2 times. WHAT A PAIN.
Just checked numbers for today and they are a day behind...again. The date changed but not the number of cases. I'll stick with News Break app instead. Took this off.
Did not tell me but one place where I could purchase it, we have been out in our town since March!
Manually inserted a pin in my home town. It placed the pin more than 200 miles from where I needed it.
This would be a beneficial App if it provided more specific location information. And a history of how many new cases each day (so you can detect the trends yourself). I entered my town, which is one corner of my county, and I get the entire county. And the warning that COVID-19 cases are high. Hmmmm. I think I knew that already! Uninstalling...
Location is not even close to being accurate
Terriable do not get it
Do not waste your time with this app. It literally shows my entire state as one solid color red with no details. This is an absolute waste of time and full of just Lysol advertisements.
Why is it the otr truckers can not find one of these apps to track the covid 19 risk as they travels across the country or are our lives not that important... please tell me .. as I want to know...
Utterly useless for tracking COVID. The only thing it can tell is the case number of the whole county. Even a simple Google search can do better than this.
Opt Out
Fake news now making fake apps! 👃🦎👌🤣😂
Hat it
After being told by an employee that our county has a significant more cases of covid. I realized your data is inaccurate or out dated or just wrong.
Severity HOAX pandemic. Major HOAX.
Have to pay to see other meals
It has too many freaking questions all I wanted was some freaking recipes!!!!!
Very inaccurate, just guess work, often said was in deep sleep when was still awake. Can't be taken seriously.
THE TRACKING ISN'T CORRECT, I downloaded the app so that I could track my REM Sleep to get into lucid dreaming techniques but it shows no REM Sleep even in the days I had a dream. DON'T DOWNLOAD IT, YOU WILL JUST GET A INCORRECT SLEEP TRACK
Wow
Not working well. I was subscribed automatically and a year amount was charged from my card linked to goodle play account. Definitely do not even use the free trial!
Used this for the first time last night. Had it on charge next to me as it said to do. Pressed 'Start Sleep'. It played some relaxing sounds for 20 as I set it to do. Woke up this morning to look at the results and it is saying I havent recorded anything. Absolute waste of time.
This app isn't great. My sleep recordings were deleted so I attempted to contact them and they never responded. I signed up for the subscription hoping doing so would recover my recordings but the subscription offers no added benefit. I contacted the company again and got an auto-response e-mail. 10/10 would not recommend.
The app said I was awake the whole time I was sleeping. I don't understand how the app could've been so wrong multiple times.
I set my alarm to 8:00 becase i now i whould be up by then. The first night i used it i just fell asleep and a ear drum bracking nose went off
Unable to use data from Google Fit or Wear OS watch
Absolutely ridiculous. You're meant to enter REM sleep something around 8 times a night. This barely registers me entering REM once a night. I know I sleep badly, but not that badly.
👎
No idea if it's worth the subscription fee. I would like to see more like if they had a free trial.
Alarm and tracking didnt work.Android version? It just didnt record
I tried this app for one night in the next morningI went to see the noises I made and the first one at 4:58 a.m. was people talking and I'm pretty sure I didn't make that and I got really scared and I just don't think this is a good app and I live in a house full of deaf people so it's very creepy for me
What a disappointment! I was never told that I was gonna have to pay to listen to my recordings. I downloaded this thinking it was gonna be so much fun and of course I had to pay for everything. At least make something free! Dumb, dumb, DUMB!!
I've used this app twice now and both times it has said I've been awake either the majority or all of the time when I haven't. This app is nowhere close to accurately tracking your sleep cycle.
There would be times where I was awake for over 30 mins and using my phone and the analysis would say I was in deep sleep... not sure how accurate the rest of the analysis can be if that happened!
The FAQ admits the app cannot detect REM sleep, yet they output a REM sleep number. Reported 0 REM sleep for a nap with dreams. Uninstalled.
Can't even open this in my A20 Samsung
I used this app for a few days for a project. It was a waste of time. The data was confusing and the app didn't give accurate data
This app is essentially just a glorified alarm clock.
Doesn't work...at all. It says I'm asleep the second I hit the button. There were quite a few times I've woken up, got up grabbed a drink, went to the bathroom etc and it didn't register that I woke up. The phone is literally right next to md the whole night. The only sounds it records is my alarm clock. My partner's alarm clock goes off before mine does, but it doesn't pick that noise up. Useless app. Take a piece of cardboard, draw some lines on it, that cardboard will be just as accurate.
It records fine but lets you listen to one recording then asks for money which is too expensive
I'm waking up to the baby atm and app didn't record that. Thought that I'm still sleeping. So I don't think it's working
Not free. Regardless of their excuses. Don't waste the space on your cell with such a terrible app.
THE APP IS A FRAUD. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON IT! I paid for one year subscription, but the app is just totally wrong. It shows I was in a deep sleep, when I was awake. I even made a note in the app that I was a awake. I uninstalled, and tried to get a refund. It is less than 48 hours. Google says they won't refund because it doesn't meet their refund policies. Can't even get my money back. THE APP IS A FRAUD SHOWING RANDOM DATA!!! If I could I'd give the app a 0 ZERO.
awful awful awful. Doesn't even work and yet they expect you to pay 30 dollars a month to upgrade. Rubbish
Worked the first night but the second time I used this app it just stopped timing Really disappointed
This is shithouse! Set it up and of the 4 nights it only recorded 1 and a half nights!
It tracks the info you put in and tells you how long you were in rem sleep but I thought I was going to be able to listen to myself sleep talking and I can't? So why did I have to give permission to use the microphone?
Used it during 3 different nights, it won't track my sleep keeps saying I'm awake. Even though I turned all my apps off and even moved the phone right next to my head idk why
only capture ambient noise every single time!
Used this app so far two nights in a row bc the old sleep tracker I had was taken off the app store... So here's why this app is bad, both nights I slept for at least 8 hours. When I checked the next morning it sensed that I was awake the whole time each night which I know for a fact I was in a deep sleep. Next is the snoring tracker... It won't work unless your room is silent, I have a fan on & it recorded the fan all night. 😒 I'm giving it one more try tonight before I delete and find another
Used it for one night and it said i was awake all night when i wasnt
It was ... BAD
At first this seemed to work well, but one time I used it as I was trying to sleep but my insomnia kicked in. It said I had a 9.5/10 sleep quality, when I never slept in the first place. I even said I am not asleep to record it in the audio files, but I checked and no sounds were recorded.
It doesn't work, i took a nap for almost 2 hours and it said i was awake the whole time
🇪🇹🇪🇹🇪🇹🇪🇹🇪🇹🇪🇹
Will never use this app again, it worked well but screwed up my phone
It only records for 55 minutes. Tops. What the heck???
Another "GIVE ME MONEY EVERY MONTH APP" NO WAY JOSE.
It helped me sleep beeter
I got this because SleepBot is gone and literally all I want is a graph. I installed and couldn't see a graph - wait until you have records it said. Then when I have records in this stupid app? sUbScRibE tO sEe ReCoRdS. NOPE. Take your one star and my disgust. Tell me UP FRONT what I will have to pay to use.
I hate apps that try to push you into buying a $60 yearly subscription for what is just a graph reading a microphone.
Sucked
Says you were in REM sleep when you were awake and on the phone. Doesnt pick up getting up from bed to also deduce you're awake. Useless unfortunately
Teeth grinding for 2 hours , reported by my partner. This was not picked up at all by this app , I was snoring all night and had only 7 mins of REM sleep but yet I was given a 9.5/10 sleep score !!!
Not as fun
More than half the time this app doesn't stay open the whole night. Then in the morning there is no recording or evidence of sleep.
Tested this out by deliberately making noises in the night and it didn't record anything plus even when alarm clock and turned on was set it failed to go off .
I have used this app twice, a few times in January thinking it was the best app ever to use, but it was bad, and it hasn't really updated since then and it doesn't pick up me talking it only picks up my alarm clock, and me moving around and I know I sleep mumble and sleep talk and didn't get to hear what I said or mumbled it was pretty bad and it needs to track sleep better. As it says I was light sleeping at the beginning when I started it and I was awake then to move my jumper
Doesn't work
Not accurate. I tried to go to sleep but couldn't so I stopped the sleep tracker after about an hour of constant tossing and turning... It told me I was asleep the entire time with a score of 9.5/10. That's really inaccurate.
Only has portrait mode. I use a Kindle Fire HD 10 which is the size of a small laptop.. I Hate portrait mode and all apps that force me to use it. The device is too big and unwieldy for portrait mode. I don't understand why developers do this and won't allow you to use their apps in landscape mode.. App designers are getting stupider and stupider and everything is getting more and more dumbed down. I guess they all just assume their apps will only be used on a tiny phone and don't even think.
Not very good. Told me I was asleep within 9 mins when you can clearly hear me saying goodnight to someone on the the speaker! Only good thing was the recordings.
Tells me that I have been asleep when I was actually awake
Not much difference if you pay for full version.
Just an alarm clock with extra features locked behind a paywall
Not accurate.
I hate this app. I got it to see if i snored or if i did anything weird in the night. On the bar graph it says i was awake the whole night, i know i wasn't. Then i turned off my phone alarm because i was relying on this app to wake me up. I was late because it didn't go off. Dont download this app. Just a space waster.
I couldnt find the music to make it play while im going to sleep i went through everything on the app all i can do is set an alarm and a reminder to go to bed
Useless
Not accurate at all. Sometimes stops on its own and other times doesn't stop when it should. Songs lullabies periodically all night long for whatever reason. Not an accurate reading if my sleep.
The premium features are so lackluster! You can't zoom in on time intervals. And it's doesn't give you any extra information than the free version. You a few additional "sleep sounds" which are also not very useful. Also when they say "cancel anytime" they don't mean "cancel and we'll refund you". What a waste of money!
Didn't work. Said i lightly slept the whole night, when i woke up at least 5 times.
I'm really disappointed! I needed to wake up at a certain timing, but the alarm didn't work! I'm now really frustrated actually.
No g[ooooood
I went out bed but app result was having deep sleep
Get some really good recordings. But they all got deleted. Wasn't warned. Lost good study material.
This app only records the last 15 minutes of sleeping before I wake up in the morning. It's happened the last 4 nights. It records several 55 second clips of no unusual sounds. I even woke up in the middle of the night to things falling over in my room and it didn't catch that. It also didn't catch me making noise on purpose to test it during the night.
All of the recordings were of the heat coming on besides one when my phone alarm went off. It for some reason didn't record when I asked my SO to roll over, when my SO got out of bed making a bunch of noise, nor when my 75lb dog got up to grunt and flop back down right next to me. This doesn't work for me.
It some how dose not respond to my phone i cant get it to do anyting ..
So. I downloaded the app, full version for the Halloween special on Oct 30th 2020. Its now Nov 1st 2020. I wake up to check my sleeping and bam! Recordings are there but it says I have to buy full subscription. Already did that. If I don't get an answer, I'm cancelling within the nxt 2 days if this doesn't get fixed!!! Not impressed that I spent my hard earned money on a app thats supposed to be rated high then doesn't work at all.😡😡😡
It's hard to understand the working of app
It makes my phone super hot like its going to blow up
After one night the app started lagging while I scroll. The app said that I pretty much never reach REM sleep, this app doesn't have a way of knowing without knowing your brainwaves and heart rate, breathing and eye movement soooo.... yeah. Can't have a fan on or white noise or it will randomly record portions of my fan sounds and nothing else. If the alarm really works, It didnt wake me or even tell me I missed it so here I am at 10:30 half my day gone by.
This app was great until they started including a giant ad in the "time to go to sleep" notification. I don't need ads in my notifications. Uninstalled.
Very bad, doesn't record shite. Do not download pu
Ap shuts off randomly while you sleep. And randomly looses recordings. Not worth your time .
Bad app ever I have installed
hi i sleep talk and sleepwalk sometimes and i wanna see what im saying
Does not remind you to go to sleep and it does not go off in the morning
Rubish
The results on this app are so fake. I wake up at 9am every day but don't get out of bed until 930 or 10am and it will say I was deep sleeping during this time. I also have insomnia some nights where I am awake for hours, it says I am light sleeping.
I only tried the free version, but it's definitely not accurate. It took me over an hour to fall asleep last night and the app said I was asleep in 4 minutes. After trying the app out for a week it never noticed any REM sleep either, in addition to wildly underestimating my sleep latency every day.
Horrible If I could give this 0 stars I would. I tried the free trial date and decided that I wanted to cancel. Even after I cancelled I was charged $40. I have tried to get in touch to resolve this issue but they will not respond. Horrible experience. DO NOT TRY. HORRIBLE.
It said I was in deep sleep when I was awake, tossing and turning for over 2 hours.
The app wont save the sounds or show any REM sleep
It's really dangerous to keep a charger plugged in over night and having a mobile phone near your head is going to mess with your brain waves while you sleep! You clearly don't understand about emf dangers What a ridiculous app
Doesn't hold recording of sounds just has a bar graph of the sleep had...which is interesting but not quite what I was looking for.
Not used yet, how does it work when you have a partner does it only pick up your sleeping pattern and notices or would my partner being in the same bed effect it
Rubbish bus not a thing
It's terrible, doesn't even pick up anything. Useless app. Do not use!
Why do i have to open this everytime through playstore i guess yall dont read your reviews it doesnt give me an icon
Kept saying i feel asleep 4 mins after i hot start which is not true. All the data is screwed up, how can i have a 9.5/10 sleep when i slept for 4h 42mins with no rem and very little deep sleep (plus the fact i clicked the little tired face) and awake every 30 mins ish?
Used this for the first time last night and followed the instructions to make sure that it wouldn't switch off. Woke a few times and was looking forward to seeing the results, but it had recorded nothing! Really disappointed, as it appeared to be working.
Complete nonsense. As far as I can tell it just assigns random stages of sleep. Other than recording the time you start and stop, of no value. Also annoying as it is constantly asking to upgrade
Absolutely worthless. It marked me in a deep sleep when it should have said I was awake. This app is absolute lies!
The audio recorder is extremely unreliable, choosing when to record when it wants.
Not even worth it. Doesnt record and alarm is broken. Also keeps telling me its bedtime at 9 am instead of 9 pm.
Uninstalled after one use, sounded and looked good, but app wouldn't turn off after first sleep! I haven't found a decent sleep app yet, tried loads
Full of weird notifications and ads, im sure they sell your data... The sleep score is useless, based almsot solely om what you put as how you feel when you woke up. I put i feel great after sleeping five hours with no (detected) REM and it gave me a 9.5! An hour after i said i felt great i crashed lol. Also, it cant detect awake vs. light sleep, at least not on my phone.
Bad
Promises a lot if it work and looks great. Better if it did not cut off after 20 mins every night...at least it shows you fall asleep in the 20 mins it works for if thats any use to you.
stolen idea from sleep as android app also this is bad ripoff
Disappointed, used last night to record sleep talking. Followed simple instructions on app and nothing was recorded at all, keeps saying you need to have 30 mins of sleep to see recorded data... I had 7 hours. Also my partner told me I was sleep talking so it hasn't picked anything up
Not working!! Placed it on pillow next to me. Showed I only had 1min of light sleep and was awake the rest of the 4 hours!!
App can't tell the difference between me being awake and me being asleep, despite me getting up, and even using my phone. How can I believe it can discern the differences between light, deep or REM sleep?
not a good app👎
Pointless. This app drains all your battery. It does nothing. Wheres the info on your sleep. Dont bother!
Spends money
Thinks you're asleep when you're awake, doesn't record accurately at all. Never records REM sleep.
It looks like the competition, Sleepy, but where is the snooze button or interval setting? Wth? Without a snooze, the alarm is worthless to me. Kinda pricey too.
Doesnt work. I downloaded to hear how long my newborn fusses before I wake up. Says i was asleep all night even tho I clearly was not even picking the phone up and checking the time
I've used this app twice(I down loaded yest). Both times I used it, it said I was awake the entire time.
Wont download app
I don't want to be subscribed to this because I don't want to pay for it . If anybody knows how to unsubscribe from this please let me know.
😑
Completely useless. Alarm didn't go off, captured less than 10 minutes of data, the only recording captured was from right after I set it as "going to sleep". Thank god I set a backup alarm on my phone.
Woke up twice screaming from night terrors and the recorder did not pick it up or log it , but It did record my cat meowing. Not very reliable and makes me question how accurate the rest of the app is
So so
Its not trackin normal the last week says awake i tested it on a table no movement still says awake .the idea less movement better the sleep per se but no
Basic model wont work, you need to pay for an upgrade that does.
Want it to be reliable but can't distinguish Breathing sounds from a fan. Very disappointed.
Doesn't work! It said I was asleep before I had even activated it, and was definitely awake, then failed to work when I had activated it and WAS asleep! Uninstalled.
The app is okay.. when it actually works. Most of the time you turn it on, go to sleep and when you wake up in the morning it's off with no record of anything. I had 2 out of 12 nights recorded from the app turning itself off.
Dont like that you have 2 pay for so much really dumb
It was shity but also good 👊🤗
Unless you pay for it it is useless
Tried it for 1 night it was So wrong. Told me I got 9.45 hrs of sleep, I barely got 5. I got up and down way more than it even registered. Not worth it. Not going to pay this much for I the app to not be able to even keep track of the times I get up when that's what I need to see.
Test it on a short time in bed but don't even go to sleep. App says much deep sleep, as if I didn't even get to sleep fools!
Since i thought it was a good app in its self to charge 5 bucks.I decided to try it. But then it had less options then another free one that I already kinda liked but thought if I paid for one it would be better. but then I thought it was a one time payment especially with the limited selection. Then found out it was monthly. It was only 3 months. But I asked for a refund of 2 of the months since i thought it was a good app in its self to charge 5 bucks but wasn't. And said no it's not our faul.
I use a fan to sleep and apparently the white noise means I was awake during the entire sleep cycle. Apparently this app requires silence. Lame
😠
Useless
A joke!
Waste of time. Didn't even work. Set it all up and wake up to its stupid alarm that is hard to stop and it hasn't even tracked my sleep.
Not good.
The alarms are loud enough so I will be deleting this app
This app is sensitive enough to record every time my furnace turns on.. but not sensitive enough to record when Fiancé is getting up and walking around the room.. not even when he comes to say he's leaving for work.. I don't think it works right..
There is no way to turn off the alarm. I even closed and restarted the app. And the alarm kept going. The only way I could do it, was to restart my phone. This happened 2 nights in a row. I'm over it now, 1star and I'm deleting the app Edit* yes it was definitely the app alarm tone that would not turn off. I also had my phone alarms set yet I was able to turn them off. I'm using an S9+ , and i do have my phone set to reboot at about 2am every night .. could that be interfering with the app?
If the app is closed in the morning it does not give you a report. Used it three nights and only got one report.
It doesnt work it said i was awake the whole time when i wasn't
Used it for the first time last night but can't listen my 8hr recording because it keeps telling me I need at least one 30minute session, despite my one session lasting 8 hours.
Good
It only give you 7 and 8 put of 10z and I could swear that someone was talking to me while I was sleep in a low demonic voice I'm good bro
Even though permission was allowed in the do not disturb, the alarm made no noise. The recordings were poor quality as well and were mainly static noises and I could barely hear other noises even with volume maxed.
All it is good for is recording my snores. I turned my phone on tonight after 30 minutes of tossing and turning and it said I was sleeping. Tried it for a week and it said I was asleep in 4 minutes and also 0..imagine that...everynight. Bull
YOUR ,VERY LUCKY U , GOT THAT. ABD UR. NOT STANDARDING RIGHT IN FRONT OF ME OKAY. NO-ONE TAKES MONEY THAT I'M UNAWARE OFF, IF ME. AND USERS WATCH THIS APP. DELETE IMMEDIATELEY. DON'T INSTALL I DID THEY TOOK SUBSCRIPTION DIDN'T KNOW ABOUT TILL NOTIFICATION. 👹👹👹☻😡😡👎👎👎🤬🤬☹☹😖😖😞🥺🥺😡🥵🥵🤬🤬🤓🤓☹☹😖😖😞😞
Can't see difference in colors for light & REM & deep sleep. Can't adjust time if punch out late after got up. Not many features unless you pay & then not sure of what you get. Old SleepBot was free!
The app always says it's time to sleep even after I've been awake for less than an hour in the morning I'll get a notification saying it's time for bed.....so I'm uninstalling.
The most useless app that i ever had it just deleted my records for no reason after 5 days not to say that wake up times and fall sleeps are not even correct. it doesn't even worth one star.
This is so cool :-) :-) :-) :-) :-)
Had to uninstall just to turn the alarm off!
Very inaccurate claims I was in deep sleep when I was wide awake. Plus subscription required for most fun tions
Requires subscription instead of single payment
Not a fan. Didnt expect much cause ya know.. How is a phone supposed to tell when youre awake or light/deep sleeping? But i was interested. 4 days in a row it says im awake 2min after i start it and 2min before i turn it off. Which is acurate. The alarm isnt enough to wake me up though because i am a VERY heavy sleeper. (ive slept through tornados and earthquakes haha) but the tracker says i am light sleeping the entire night. Very inacurate.. Which was expected :/
Was very interested in this app and have tried it a number of times now. It managed to record a whole 2 hours of sleep one night and that is the extent of it. Don't waster your time.
I lay awake for 1,5 hours before switching this app off, when I checked my score it showed I was in a deep sleep. Not true!
Music suddenly stops on its own. When I check on the app, it shows that it's no longer tracking ._. I only tried this app twice, and it did the same thing for both situations, so I just uninstalled it.
After the update you got rid of the one lullaby I used to fall asleep to every night. Now I struggle to fall asleep because nothing is even remotely similar.
The alarm goes off but doesn't allow me to turn it off. I have to restart my phone EVERYTIME.
The trial period is misleading. There was a 3 days free trail period and I used it for 1 day and did not see the usefulness in it for my situation. I canceled on the 2nd/3rd trail day. The company still charged me for the full price for use of 1 day of the app even though I canceled during the "free trail" period. I contacted them for a refund and they denied me. They stated we must cancel 24 hours prior to canceling in order not to be charged. Well that makes no sense and is misleading.
Junk
Not accurate at all.
pretty sure this app just makes up data. i know for a fact i didnt fall asleep until after 230 but the app said i was in a "deep sleep" by that time? i guess i can in fact watch tv and drink water in a deep sleep. it recorded me typing on my phone and literally says i was sleeping when it was recorded. ok? pretty sure it just gives you rando data in the morning.
I fell like somthing is watching me.. I can't actually sleep i hear Snores... Its creppy
I'm using the free version, and I've tried using it for 6 nights to let it get used to my environment and it seems to latch onto the sound of my fan across the room from me and couldn't even pick up me snapping in the air (random tests during the night when I woke up)--or hear me talking to it right beside my pillow. I tested with my phone's default recorder and it picks up these noises despite the fan amazingly. It also randomly starts recording my fan exactly every 60 minutes. Needs mic work.
Only 7 day trial and not full functionality. Chinese grammar too. Many fake reviews, too. Don't waste your time.
Thia is horrible meditations and sleep tracker app are bad cant sleep with them ai juat ought it an well i want my money back o ly use for 10 monutea
Only 2 free sounds and one doesn't work (forests). Just says download failed. Scamming you into paying for the premium.
Dumbest app ever because When I listen to pandora evrrynight with the app tracking my sleep the next morning when I woke up the mic recorded the music not my voice and dreams. 1 star creator reply
Sent me a notification to "start sleeping" at 1:36am! GUESS WHAT I ALREADY WAS
the worst ever
Deleting this app. I want to know what I'm saying while I sleep, but this only detects the heater coming on at night, just as everyone else is specifying. The fact that one must pay for pro, in order to download a recording is poor business practice. If the reason for simple 1 minute recordings is due to storage, then it is suggested to allow for local storage, rather than a default cloud (offsite) storage, since just about everyone now has tons of spare storage on a phone/tablet. Terrible.
It used to record up to 15 sounds, now it just records 3-4 🙄 I don't like it anymore
I've been using the free version for a week because I've been caught sleep walking recently. So far it records every time my heater kicks on, but nights I actually wake up and go and use the bathroom or my cat screams in my face to feed him, right next to the phone, it didn't catch those incidents at all. I don't think it's worth paying for if it doesn't actually pick up these things. And now it won't record at all. It shut itself off in the middle of the night, somehow. Sensitive enough for a heater, yet not for actual noise.
Alarm doesn't work, records silence, not impressed
Subscription only very upset.
Everytime i open the app it's before i sleep, well guess what, whoever designed it probably doesn't use it because you have to fight to find where the x button is while on melatonin to skip the ad and even then there's more to skip before the app works. By that time I'm a bit awake because it requires focus. I'm trying very hard to keep it but difficult to use when sleepy
Very very Bad
App doesn't even work. Downloaded it twice now and all it does is show me a blank white page no matter how many times I try to access it.
Keeps saying I'm not signed in with Facebook every few seconds when I am so I will be deleting the app plus I've been on keto for almost a month and it's making me put in that I'm starting today.
Downloaded app and it doesn't work. Keep getting error message.
I've tried several times to get the app. I download it, then I open it and the main screen appears. I click on Get started , and the screen goes to "Object moved to here.". I then click on "here" and get a message saying " Bad request Invalid URL HTTP Error 400". At this point I give up.
I'm not interested in a long complicated password that I won't remember. Too much bs required🤬
So i down loaded the app twice its not working i filled every thing out but cant gat past the page that says what day do you want to start. It wont do any thing
Look im non binary for starters and i can't get passed the continue button im sorry
Won't go any further after height and weight.
The app keeps stopping
I would love this app but it doesn't seem to be working...
Wont let me use it keeps saying link moved then error messages can't even get into the app
Couldn't get login. Don't know what it's about.
My anti virus program pops up telling me your app has malware in it, so uninstalled until further notice. Didn't even get past account creation.
Only offers keto plans which I DO NOT want.
I'm non binary. You need to add an option for that, before I can use this app.
I keep getting a message that the page has moved to "here"... When I click on the highlighted "here" I get a bad URL message.
Poorly
I uninstalled in less than 5 minutes after downloading. I received an error saying my internet connection was lost, then when I retried I received error 400 URL not valid. What a piece of garbage.
It sucks I tried to open it multiple times cause I kept pressing get started but it kept taking me back to the website I got scammed overall IT STINKS
Zero stars due to the app not working! Enter info then go to click on the next button and nothing happens waste of time
This app is made for chocolate lovers I have never had the taste buds for chocolate. All the bars are chocolate. If they could add the bars without chocolate I would of tried our the app. I'm also a bit confused on setting up the meal plan, when I tried to do the creste your own meal plan it didn't let me add any meals.
Won't let me get to the meal plans. Glitch somewhere. Uninstalling less than 10 min of starting.
Sucks. Doesn't put in correct information Doesn't save all information
It doesn't work
I can't get this app to work, keep getting error 400. I've contacted the appropriate ppl via email and get nothing. So frustrating!!!!
Couldn't select meal plan.
Gives a 404 error. Wasn't able to open it at all
Malware warning from avg
I had this app. I really liked it. I accidentally uninstalled it. When I reinstalled it the home screen showed up and then just a white nothingness. I tried several times.I hope that you can make it work
This is an app for kito i want just slimfast ni kito
Broken. I see the logo and then a blank white screen. Have reinstalled three times.
Keeps saying bad URL won't let me open app
Installed, opened, clicked on get started, says open here, clicked on and gave me an error, uninstalled ☹️
Good
This will not save data and is very frustrating having to scroll to make a custom plans after almost 30 pre-filled plans. I have tried marking off what I've eaten for today several times but everytime I reopen the app, it resets the day as if I haven't eaten anything.
Downloaded the app unable to sign in with any of their options given. Disappointed as I was looking forward to trying this since I just had a baby and was looking for help to back to my previous weight.
The concept is GREAT but the app is horrible! Every time I custom made my menu, it would calculate a crazy number of macros and the next day everything that I created disappeared. I don't or can't eat a few things on the already prepared menu but trying to substitute that is also a nightmare. Started this past Monday and already frustrated.
This app does not work and tried it a few times it won't load but love the product 😊👍
I tried to sign In it didn't let me do not download it
Getting an error
My virus protection alerted that this app has malware. I immediately deleted.
Really wanted to like & use this app, but anti-virus said it contains malware, so I deleted & installed again. Same issue, so won't be using it, deleting for final time.
Will not allow me to move on to selecting meal plans.
Doesn't come up. I get the same error as others.
I tried to use the app but all it wanted to do was go to my Facebook.
I would love to try this app as I'm currently using keto slimfast. But I can not get past the sighn up part as it wants me to down load 3 different th ik ngs and I do so and nothing absolutely nothing happens :(
I was really looking forward to this app. You have to enter everything manually. You cannot scan or search for anything. Nice try though SlimFast, Carb Manager is still hands down the best out there.
I just got the app. I get as far as select a date to start. I do. I read the privacy app. I push continue and nothing happens. I guess I will delete the app if it is not going to work. I'm so disappointed!
Does not do anything literally. As far as telling people to email you the developer no that's the reviews it for you people need to get on this problem.
I get the 3 pages but it won't let me sign in to any of them Amy ideas to help?
The only way to track your food is to follow their meal plans to the letter. The only useful part of the app is the weight progress chart and I have that in My Fitness Pal.
Got ripped off. Took me for a 42 dollar ride.
Go
It going on
Bad URL
Will not open. When you click on start now, it shows text saying that object has moved here with link. When I click link, it says bad URL. I have uninstalled and reinstalled with no luck.
I would love to use the product but you use whey products and I am lactose intolerance.
I can't get on the app. For two days now it tells me there's an error
Horrible, hate my therapist , but i can't get a new one.
These apps are like...if you are feeling depressed by using your phone a lot... Then install our app in your phone.. Speak with us using your phone... Take suggestions from us using your phone and feel more depressed.... Lol
If you really wanted to help people, you wouldn't charge anything, let alone charge so much money.
This was not helpful at all they told me that I could join up two weeks free so why would you ask for payment up front if I wasn't sure if I was going to be able to keep the services are not like false advertisement
I get into my account this app sucks !!!!!!
The first two therapists I got didn't read my messages and would ask how I was after I sent a long message upset. My third therapist didn't feel comfortable with treating me as she wanted me to get additional help. She was great. The I tried to use a matching agent and it took forever for them to respond and then they didn't even reply to my message. After a month spent on this app, I didn't get any help. Luckily with my plan and hitting my maximum, I didn't have to pay anything. Don't waste $$
i hate they cheat
Each month is equivalent to about a 5 minute therapy session, if the 
therapist responds, which is a huge if, they are short and have little to 
do with the issues.
Nothing works the they blamed me
Expensive as hell, puts you through an insurance questionnaire that says they offer coverage. Even if your insurance shows up on their list you're probably not covered. Total false advertising. Yeah thanks for the $25 a week off the first month when I am on Partnership of California (low income) as if I can afford your services regularly. I live rurally and was hoping this would help. Nope. Clearly they are only about the profit. Good luck people. I feel bad for the counselors as well.
Total waste of time and money. I used it for 2 months, barely heard anything back from my therapist. I had a test ordered for me and it took over 10 days to get, then it ended up being the wrong one. Waited over 10 more days, then cancelled. I am very disappointed and let down by this service. Lesson learned.
Takes money without authorization or notification, when I requested a refund it was processed but another amount taken so I still can't access funds and support are not answering my messages now :/ use with caution if you are not made of money.
Stupid!
It said 65 dollars but took about $300 with no refund when I never used the app...Im upset.
I oono
Things worked fine until renewal time. I cancelled my subscription and they processed the payment anyhow. I tried several times to contact them by phone and email and through the app. No response from them, no help from them. Completely overdrew my bank account. I thought therapy was supposed to help not hinder.
Deceptive billing practices! I am in the process of cancelling my "trial" and reversing a $600 charge on my credit card. Support still hasn't replied to me a day later! Stay away if you value your money. BetterHelp seems to be a much better option than this scam.
In my initial counseling session I mentioned I was having suicidal thoughts and I was immediately turned away. I was told this app would help me find a therapist to help me but wow was that wrong. If I could give the app negative stars I would. Thanks for literally nothing.
This is a scam and misleading
The cost is stupidly high. Not worth it for that kind of money.
Buyer beware, another money scam where they say your going to get something 
free and you don't... The "therapist" assigned to me didn't even try to 
help but when I complained about have to pay before even knowing what your 
getting and all she had to say was "good luck" no wonder people kill 
themselves before getting help.... More mentally I'll people out there not 
able to get help without selling their soul. Read the reviews and 
complaints, then decide if you want to waste more money on this scam...
Not too bad in regards to services as it will work good with communication. Due to roughly only one message a day, it makes it hard to be able to carry a solid conversation. Not a very effective means of therapy. You usually only get an question back than actual guidence. Take that for what you will
They never gave me therapy they scanmed me out of my money. They are scam artist.
Wretched. No response, not able to book a video session after 4 attempts. Waste of $400.
I was left on read several times. Other times when i sent a message, it'd take hours to get a reply back. Even if i did, it didn't sound like they were interested in helping me. When it came around to the live session, it never happened. Was left on read again.
not a good service
Mentioned name and age, I was willing to pay, and got entirely denied any sort of service. No option to pay, simply a message telling me good luck on finding another
Very impersonal. Once the subject of price was brought up and how I couldn't afford it they logged off without another word. 0/5
I logged into their site and cancelled my subscription. Still getting billed. I've called multiple times and each person I speak to says I will get a call back. No call back. No one has responded to my emails. Awful experience overall.
Therapist did not read my posts and sent responses like, "Sorry to hear you're frustrated!!! :)". When I cancelled they continued to process payments and I had to file a complaint with paypal.
Just get a regular therapist.
Way too expensive. Even the basic plan is a joke. If someone truly needs help these people and this app don't care. Told the lady i really needed to talk with someone but couldn't afford their high prices and I guess I'll just talk to myself and she said "ok have a good day". Lol! All they care about is money not the welfare of the individual they claim they want to help.  Don't waste your time or your money.
Its says it free and i went in it to do and see what they needed from me and they want bout $300 dollars there services
Reply too slow
$99 a week?! Crazy prices
Don't waste your time or money.
As with anything, there are pros and cons to this service. I got along surprisingly well with my therapist, who was great, but the way the business is run left me dissatisfied. The biggest issue, which I was notified about by my therapist rather than anyone involved with making the call, was that someone with an administrative role decided to breach laws and read several confidential conversations. Also, the paid subscription automatically renews.
It always says registration fails
It's a totally exploiting everyone's problems offering a program that isn't realistically affordable. And doesnt have the goal of actually helping anyone suffering from depression or any issues
As soon as I installed I Uninstalled bad reputation, negative alot of money poor reviews no thanks waste of time
Signed up for help. Therapist couldn't get it together with the app. I tried canceling my service I never used. No response from customer support. This is a scam. Don't waste your time. I needed help and reached for it this app stole my money and gave me zero help in my time of need
Exceptionally bad UI/UX that completely distracts from the purpose of the app. Strongly recommend not using this app and seeking out other providers until this app gets a massive upgrade
I hate that they only work for 18 and up what if a little girl was about to kill herself and they told her what they told me
Looked great untill they would not take my Insurance. Who doesn't take Blue Cross Blue Shield? It makes me question the validity of the service.
I was very looking foward to it but then,the therapist said that I need to be 18+ and im 11.But the thing is at this page,its say 3+.Pls Reply
The app itself is free but not the therapy....I can get therapy here in my town that I pay for not gonna hand a stranger money and tell them my life story when I cant even see their license....a scam if ive ever seen one
I don't have money so no use using this app if it has a payment plan
This app is garbage and nothing but a scam and they over charge. 240 
dollars a month are you kidding me?
I got ripped off for 316$ and can't get a hold of customer support!!! I dont reccomend this app at all
Total scam. Therapists are unresponsive and provide little to no help. When 
I tried to cancel my plan, the website is broken, but everything else on 
the site functions.
My first therapist gave generic reviews id she bothered to respond at all. My second therapist was good for the couple of days that she bothered to respond and then she randomly decided to "take time off" until September. I paid over $300 for this service and i have no benefited at all. If a refund or credit is not issued I will be taking my business elsewhere. Cool concept but the therapists act like their talkspace clients don't matter as much as their in person clients at their day job.
People posing as therapists to take a LOT of your money every month. They sell a phony service.
Not really helpful
Never used it and never got paid to download like i was supposed to
This sucks
I couldnt afford the app because they do not accept insurance.
No one there.
Scammmm.... Do Not download! All they want is your money!
Im vary depressed and i dont have money for this app and i just need help 
but i can't afford it
Horrible! Waste of time!! Where did these"therapists" get credentials, clown college???? You pay your money pick a counselor, set your appointment and they don't log on!!....you're just left hanging. After the first therapist didnt log into the appointment, I changed therapists and guess what, that one ditched the appointment too!! Save your money for real, face to face appointments at legitimate facilities....these people will end up with malpractice lawsuits one day...
This app, is frankly, terrible. Customer support is effectively non existent and when I attempted to cancel they sent me instructions that did not work then never responded to my repeated requests.
This app is ridiculous. No one responded I waited 10 min
The person I spoke with, Angela Gunn, was rude and pushy. Surprisingly, she is a therapist. I have no interest in paying for a service who hires unprofessional people.
When I choose my Google account for registration, it always say the regestration failed why? Plz answer me
the therapist responds after days and very disappointed with this app
You are allowed a "chat" and you spill your guts out only to have some boilerplate response about subscription and it taking 24-48 hours to find a match. I typed at least 4 paragraphs before I received that response. I suggest that at the beginning of the chat, that is disclosed BEFOREHAND so that the user is informed before typing sensitive and personal information. Dissatisfaction!
After using the app for a year, I feel like it could do more harm than good. I had 4 therapists. The first said I should read a book - even though I'm talking to her for specialized care. And was befuddled when I asked for a suggestion. The second shared think pieces, but didn't talk to me. The third used my issues to gaslight me. The last quit the app because she knew it was BS. I felt like I got the quality of care of a bored teenager at their first job. Not a mental health professional.
Concerned about privacy, that is really all.
Evertime I open my room it crashes.
The cheapest option is $ 65 a week... Maybe you should start a second app for finicial management.
Ive spent 15 minutes trying to create a user name, and apparently all have been used (no matter how many letters or numbers i use)
All they want is your money not to help you
Intake therapist was not interested in answering my questions. Made me feel worse about myself because I didn't understand and had to ask more
After paying for the monthly service, I was told a few hours later that due to "specialty and location" there was no match available for me. I did not request anything of a counselor (they do ask if you would prefer male/female, certain experiences, etc.) and stated the only issues I'd like to speak on are "general feelings of being overwhelmed" - I thought that was pretty un specialized and common. Seems like a major disappointment to me.
I would give this less than a star if possible they give you no information about how, when, or how often they will contact you until you get suggested a therapist which is conveniently AFTER you've given them your money! I work early mornings and my therapist only sends messages to me very late at night despite her available hours listed including early mornings. However I guess it doesnt matter because they took 150% of the cost of a regular therapist out of my pocket not my insurancecompanies
This app shouldn't exist. The idea is great on paper, but frankly, the 
structure they use to support "therapy" is laughably incompetent. Both 
therapists I was "matched" with (the matching is fake and not related to 
your needs, best I could tell) completely failed to establish goals and 
were useless as emotional supports. This model of distributed therapy might 
sound great, but TalkSpace is not ready to be helping people, and it's 
borderline unethical for them to charge to attempt to do so.
Thank you, but no thank you. Will be cancelling my account. Unlimited 
messaging is great if you can ever get the therapist on the other end.
charged me twice for the first month. promised me to refund the money. that was three days ago. customer support is unreliable and makes false claims
This app is trash, its all about money to get a session smh
I received no response for a whole month and continuing. $400 and no one to provide help.
This is a joke and waste of time and money....
Been searching for a therapist and haven't seen one that meet the criteria I asked for. No male pic or LGBT friendly
They take your money right out of your account before you meet your therapist. Then when i finally got one she gave me the most generic answers and didnt even respond. Requested a new therapist and she went didnt message me but once and didnt reply back. Would not recommend spend your money going to a REAL therapist that actually cares. And the support team is horrible as well. When you email they take DAYS to message back. So unprofessional!
Video and Messaging only worked twice. Now nothing works. Customer service sent me the a lame non-response. After reading other reviews, I think it's a money making scam. Beware! Wish me luck, I will be fighting to get my $ back.
I canceled last month and still got billed this month. I even have the app deleted. I see others had a problem too with this!
The interaction is very basic and surface-level. The therapist stated she checked in twice a day, but those interactions consisted of a short paragraph (2 to 3 sentences). A few times the interactions were longer, but it wasn't very quality - "hang in there girl." Umm, thanks.   I really was trying to give this app a chance. The last I heard from the therapist she said she wanted to take time to look over what I wrote so she can respond appropriately with the time I deserve, and she would get back to me ASAP. Four days later, I still have not heard from her.  Also, when you cancel they still charge you through the end of your month and there is no option for deleting your CC information after cancellation.
There is absolutely no reason that this service needs to charge for the entire month up front. I've never used a medical service that is structured this way. The advertising is deceptive because it makes you think that this is something that you pay weekly for. I wouldn't use this service as the refund policy is garbage. Do yourself a favor and try traditional therapy.
Talkspace is a waste of money. Messaged the therapist twice in two weeks (despite "5 days/week messaging"). Therapist didn't respond to messages, didn't make a helpful plan, didn't complete live sessions, and really didn't do anything useful. She told me she would help me and then never messaged me back. When you try to unsubscribe, it takes you through multiple (and devious) pages to lure you into paying for them. You have no idea if the person is actually licensed and they dont help you.
Automated responses, I literally wrote a paragraph that explained the 
situation and then they continued to ask generic questions that were 
already answered in the paragraph. I sincerely hope that no one comes to 
this app that needs serious help because their automated canned responses 
can make the situation far worse. Do not waste your money
Hard to get help on weekends when you could most use it!
I paid for the premium plan of getting to talk to my therapist throughout the day and getting one video chat a week. 3 weeks in I have plenty of days where I'm lucky to hear from him once and I've only had one video chat. I feel like I'm getting ripped off and like I'm a complete afterthought.
Truly this is terrible. The app itself works it is the therapists that are the problem. Most of them are doing this part time to get money on the side. That's all you are to them. Get a real therapist. These arent very focused in you.
Subway ads tell us to join Talkspace because you can use it on the subway. Doesn't work offline (aka the subway) and deletes your offline sent messages.
The app itself is fine. TalkSpace itself is what I'm giving 1 star to.
Love my therapist but the costumer service is a joke been waiting three weeks for a reply.
Hard to navigate not intuitive to find any tech support or help is non-existent. I had asked for contact information to cancel my subscription instead of answering the question she just told me to look at the website. The whole reason I was asking her is because I couldn't find it on the website. The only number available was an emergency number and I thought it was an emergency so I was not going to use that number. Overall very disappointed when not recommend.
I signed up (and paid) for this service and it is *nothing* like what I 
expected. I was supposed to hear from someone 1-2x a day, and the questions 
are useless and she only replied once today. This is by far not worth the 
cost.
I haven't been able to log in in a week and a half, and no support. For how much I paid to try and seek help with my mental health, this level of failure is unacceptable. Can't wait to die! This app gave me the understanding that anyone will take advantage of you, and the only escape is death!
I found it really really useful in the beginning and then I didn't even get a therapy or a counselor they just told the girl she told me that I would have to pay every month or every week and some people can't afford that. So I said no and I didn't get a text back for a while. So I said do I still get a therapist do I still get therapy do I get counseling? And she said no it's a paid app and they only do that if you pay. I understand and everything but some people can't afford it like I can't. I told her that and she would she gave me the national help prevention line the National Suicide Prevention line the number for a crisis situation like abuse or something cutting and then she gave me another app for free because she said it was really important that I get the help I need. So I told her by that was it and we're done.
Not very much help was just trying to get some answers didn't seem like she want to be bothered. It's okay though
would give you schedule times but they were not provided by the provider so then they weren't available and you had to schedule directly. waste of time and nrg
196$ a month, no trials, what a scam.
This app is just a scam. Dont waist your time or money. It's might as well just be an automated service. I want my money back from these crooks
Can't really evaluate because the app first asks me to choose a Google account, then asks me to create a password anyway, and then blocks 1Password from filling anything in. Update 11 months later: the app still blocks 1Password, a password manager I use to keep sensitive accounts like talkspace secure, from filling in my password.
Couldn't get verification of insurance acceptability. Followed the eligibility questionnaire and got no affirmative "your insurance qualifies/does not qualify" and then got asked for credit card "in case insurance doesn't cover it." The person on chat seemed more like a bot than a person. No basic questions answered, couldn't even get on the service. What a great idea, too bad it seems so poorly executed.
Soooooooo mean to me i hate them
Awful. I was only trying to find a psychiatrist for my daughter. Never got an answer but they did take the 35.00 copay out of my bank. So no therapist and I'm out 35.00 for nothing. Not sure how the NP I contacted is going to put a claim through when no intake was conducted. I highly recommend no one use this app. Terrible.
Good concept doesn't work
Does not work . Contact support no one answers. The whole time it keeps asking you to log back in and the therapist keeps emailing at the same time. Plus really outragagously expensive and you can't get to a menue bar that works. I would not give one star but I have too.
They'll file your billing codes incorrectly, not respond to your messages, and good luck trying to get anyone to talk to you if you need an issue resolved. Worst experience. Try anything else, this will only add to your problems.
They're all about the money. No refunds, even if it's just the 1st week. Beware. They match you  only after you pay / subscribe, the 1st one was not a good fit since she would only say hi &, just say "ok" and not give any tips. Tried to upsell me on the first day for couples therapy. Customer service said no refunds so I requested a change in "therapist", the 2nd one was worse, it was like a robot that sometimes typed back, and didnt respond even during scheduled "live chat". Said sorry but then didnt even bother responding to my concerns, Customer service was no help. Wasted a months worth of subscription, seriously there are other ecounseling options or real therapists out there. A friend is better help than whoever got my messages. Who knows whether I really talked to a therapist and where did that info go?
Unprofessional and privacy concerns. Reports that the company "encouraged" employees to submit fake reviews to bolster app ratings.
Awful. Flaky therapist that could not focus and help, also would disappear with no warning. Made me waste my time writing out painful stuff for very little benefit. Overpromise and under deliver seems to be the order of the day here.
Garbage.  The counselors cant remember day to day what you told them and you end up repeating what you have already said, or answering a question that you have already answered.  Don't bother.  Go see someone in person.
Too many technical glitches. Not worth the hassle.
$156 a month?! Im not paying that much for someone to help me with my problems
Incredibly poor design. Such a bad experience for user.
Watch out for any subscription service. Even though I haven't even talked to my therapist in months and he told me I wouldn't be charged in the time he was out, I still got charged two months after. After the first month I sucked it up and canceled my subscription. Guess it doesn't matter though because I was charged again the next month EVEN THOUGH I CANCELED. Just go through your provider to mental healthcare, if you're getting charged for no service it's not actually cheaper
Ughs
It didn't help me because it didn't work i don't know why but i can't even open it 💔
I only intended to use this service for a month as a trial and see how it goes - was simply curious about the concept. It wasn't so helpful, but rather okay. Then without warning they subtracted an additional month's fee without informing me that the first month has expired and did not inquire whether I would like to continue using the service. I have even stopped using the service a week before the end of the month. Very unsatisfied! Feels like a money making machine. Can't recommend!
Sucks no help
This app sucks. I tried mutiple times to sign/log in and it wouldn't work. It took me nearly an hour on several different accounts and even then after resetting the pw for like the 4th time I only managed to get an error.
I can't register.
waste of money, the therapist asks you one tiny question and comes back 4 or 5 days later to respond with another question
this was a total RIP off.. I lost so much money on absolutely nothing.. they are to busy and they cannot help you.. they are very fast at taking your money then that's all the help you will get.. I highly recommend keeping your money and staying away from this whatever it is. I would be so much better off if I would of just held onto my money.. horrible service.
I thought the plan said as low as 19$ but sent me a link for 99$ and discount code for 25$ off. I just wanted to talk to someone to figure some stuff out but I can't pay so much !!
After i cancelled with in 48 hours of picking it up i was charged 128 despite having not used the service I didn't Even get the 30 dollars off I was supposed to.
Not a fan of privacy policy
The therapy has been top notch, but the app is absolute garbage. I have been charged 4 times now for a session that has yet to happen because of rescheduling that the Therapist requested. I have opened tickets with support and heard nothing. Beware of this company's support and tactics. I will be doing a charge-back on my card for those transactions because they have no billing department to contact.
Nope
Terrible. My therapist did not communicate with me and I had to cancel services. I was told I would get a 120$ refund since they did not hold up their end of the deal...I never received my refund and now cannot get a response from customer service.
I've had this app for a week with no response from my therapist. My partner at least got a response, but then her therapist missed their session and scheduled a new one for an entire week later. We're hurting, and this app has made it worse.
Too expensive.
Hollie is horrible
No help at all, just want money, should have known
So far Disaster. Let's start with my therapist has Not contacted me. I did this on Friday do ok not on weekend but we are now on Tuesday.
Honestly, as a licensed therapist, I do not recommend this service. They severely restrict therapists. In fact, if a therapist does not have an iphone they do not even allow them on their platform.
Seems like a good app. Cost is outrageous.
Treat you like a #. I simply asked to see my match first but all they want is money money money first!
I have wanted to change my therapist for weeks now. I've submitted dozens of help tickets and tried to contact you. I haven't heard back. VERY disappointed. Either help me or I will stop my subscription. No way should I or my insurance be paying for something that is useless.
Sucks...........really bad
I thought that personally, this is a bunch of absolute horseshit. The prices are ridiculous and the app does not have a goal set.
Not overly user friendly. Not great at matching you with someone to talk to and you will not necessarily be a priority until paying. Sent requests for cancelation three times and got no response. Finally just got a cancelation due to inactivity. That really, really needs to be fixed!!
I've been trying to get help for over a week and I've had only canceled appointments and excuses and no responses. This isn't real help.
What A Waste Of Time.. I Won't Even Recommend It On Anyone, A One On One Therapist Is Better Than This App
One star too many than it deserves. I wonder if any therapists are actually active on this platform. They want you to pay (which I am willing), but they don't provide any treatment outline or schedule. NOT convenient because I'm just talking to a wall.
Trying to sign up for two weeks and still failed,  this app is sucks
Cannot book sessions - have tried three times and each time it waits 'to be confirmed' before suddenly disappearing the week of the appointment. Do not waste you time w/ this app.
Absolute rip off. You can't cancel subscription and they keep trying to charge you. I emailed support twice and they STILL tried to charge me. Garbage and should be removed off the platform.
This was horrible. Kept getting the error "Something went wrong" when I tried to schedule an appointment (for ANY available timeslot) with the first provider I matched with, and it certainly wasn't my internet that was the problem. I then switched to another provider and AGAIN got the error message. This frustration only makes my mental health worse. Please fix the app before marketing it as a helpful tool for people who want to get therapy and counseling.
Honestly I wish you did not have to pay...some people need it but don't have the money
Horrible
Therapist was fine, the format is not something that works for me, so I cancelled my subscription. I am rating the app 1 star because despite the cancellation confirmation I received from them, Talkspace continued to try to charge a second month to the credit card I provided for the initial month. That is not an acceptable business practice.
Too long to respond, therapist didn't listen.
This is way too expensive for a couple texts a day with info I could find on the internet. I pay 50 a week for this and then the therapist I was matched with took time off without telling me! Ridiculous! What am I paying for?
This has to be the worst company I've ever dealt with. I signed up for the 
service and requested a therapist change, which I never heard back on. 
Subsequently requested a full refund and am still waiting to hear on that 
too. Avoid this app!!
Not sure they even read what I wrote.  Looks like they have too many users and can't keep up.
Do not waste your time or money with this app. My therapist has been really wonderful and responsive, but the app is absolute trash. I reached out to support and the only response I received was, "We've received your support request, and we'll get back to you as soon as we can." That's it. No actual response to my concern. I can't book new sessions because I "don't have any session credits available" and there's no obvious/visible way for me to even pay to book another session. To top it off, the sessions that I have booked with my therapist have been such poor quality that I am literally talking to a blank screen because her face never shows up, despite us both having very fast internet connection speeds. I'm really disappointed in the general usability of the app, the complete lack of customer service, and the quality of the calls between me and my therapist.
you have to pay for someone that is not even there most of the time, and it is way to expensive
How did professional therapist sitting in front of computer and listen to your problem about 1 minute and then ask you for money? They're not even to read your massage. They just want your money. From my experience , they're not professional. Maybe they're professional liar. Anyone can help your problem. I can help everyone problem. But can't help myself LOL , so don't install this app.They just looking for your money.
Nothing useful about it, over priced, only given 30 min sessions. Response times are incredibly long, not many choices for real help
The app was fine except that the privacy code would not work therefore if anyone had my phone unlocked they would have access to my counseling sessions. I contacted support but they did not fix the issue. My counselor was not good. I have many years of positive experience with counseling and I have to say the support I received on this app was similar to what a high school child could provide.
The comments regarding lack of contact from therapists, erroneous charges, etc are discouraging. I will look elsewhere including just walking into a therapists office.
Pointless and not structured
I wish there was an option for 0 stars. Less then worthless. How do they Sleep at night preying on people seeking help, they must have reserved seating in hell...
👎
Spent 2 months and switched therapists and they werent useful or helpful.  Spend the money and go See someone
Poor value, took a very long time to find a therapist as they kept on 
sending me unsuitable therapists who had no background in the area I 
wanted. They definitely don't match you, despite what they claim. Therapy 
was ok, therapist herself very pleaeant, but therapy superficial done this 
way. I really wanted a two way discussion but was given lots of exercises 
with lightweight feedback. To top it all they billed me after I cancelled 
(twice).
Way to expensive to use. If i was able to afford this i probably wouldn't 
have as many problems. So in short unless your rich its not for you
it says it is free then asks to put in credit card number and asks for $100/month
Wish I had read the reviews first. I canceled and requested my money back. They wouldn't match me with a specific therapist even though I had a link to her page (and have previously been her client in person) because "matching is state based" (not what they advertise) and she is out of state. Yet all my matches were still out of state anyway. You can only see 3 matches at a time and can't go back to old ones, makes it hard to find a good fit. Then I never even got a response from my therapist.
you want me to pay 49 dollars a week for this?
Horrible Customer service Response time. I've been waiting for over a month for anyone to get back to me about my account.
Tried b/c I'm a fan of friendzone but it didn't do anything for me. Anytime I reach out only to get no response. This has happened multiple times to no avail. Just go outside and get help dont let these people waste your time.
Never once felt like this was worth my money. Paid for a month because i really could use someone to listen to me and give an outsiders opinion, I regretted it by the second day. Dont waste your time or money on this app!!!!
I love my counselor but I can not use this service. After the last update 
the app is not working any more. It just closes as soon as it's opened. I'm 
paying for something I can no longer use. It causes me a lot of stress and 
I am very upset and disappointed.
Not good. Downloaded app to connect with a therapist and get guidance. But the therapists must be volunteers because they respond when they feel like it. If can take hours and days to get a response to questions. Waste of my time at this point.
I received an email saying that I'm registered and I cannot sign in when I try...
They set it up like you are talking to a therapist then they say how they understand your problem and WHAM they throw in "The weekly is $49 a week, the monthly is $99 a month and the quarterly is $228 a quarter". Like tell me that before I spill my guts. There are free apps better than this.
I think that there just isn't enough expressed through texts. I think the providers can't always remember the conversations.
Don't waste your time there useless
I cancelled last month and what do you know, I'm still getting billed.
Customer service is all bots no help and an app that is supposed to help with stress just causes it
So many glitches and customer service will not return your calls. The therapists are great, but the appnis total garbage. 4 weeks in and I still can't use the schedule feature, my therapist has to call me a bill retroactively. I had the call disconnect mid way through and there is no way to rejoin. Try something else.
Ask to pay for one month to try. Was auto billed the next month without aithorization! Beware.
The slogan of this app is literally therapy should be free and when you go into the app the first thing they do is ask if you're able to pay for it 🙄.
Got a notification that they responded to my review. They sure did - I can't find my review now. They responded by deleting it. I already had a mistrust for therapists. I will never reach out again.
Who would trust a company(app) that lies? They are trying to cover up that there is SHOOTING with the rioters and looting. I'm not talking about the peaceful protests. They are trying to blackmail Facebook to hide the shootings. They pulled their connections with fb because they didn't call the shootings lies. Run from a counseling group that uses blackmail and lies.....
Impressed with the quality of therapist but the advertising is extremely misleading as to the amount of services offered for a given price.
Doesn't even deserve one star
Didn't like my therapist, asked to switch. Was told it would take 48 to 72 
hours. It's been a week now and I haven't heard back. There is no live 
customer service, no way to reach anyone directly. Meanwhile I'm still 
paying for therapy I'm not getting. It's essentially theft. Don't waste 
your money until Talkspace cleans up its act.
I keep hitting "Login" and nothing happens...
It was a pretty good experience until I tried to cancel my subscription. Days after canceling the subscription I was charged for the next month anyways. Suspiciously, after that the "manage subscription" and "account details" sections of the app are now not functional. I messaged the support notifying them the issue need to be corrected over a week ago. Still haven't heard from them. And now the website doesn't function? Thanks jerks, I have to cancel my card to get rid of your toxic company.
Would've gave it a chance but never let me log in. I filled out my email address 4 times and passwordand none of them worked. Tried resetting my password aand didnt work. App doesnt work.
It wont let me sign up. Which really sucks because im definately looking for something like this :(
Unable to sign up.
Not good
"Free trial" demands credit card info. Super shady.
Avoid. Talkspace is irresponsible. Imagine finding a psychiatrist that gains your trust, diagnoses and starts you on an Rx. Everything is fine until you CAN'T get a required refill because the pharmacy can't get authorization. Your pharmacist provides contact info to you (app only provides a name and an online chat) and your psychiatrist hasn't worked there. Your Rx causes huge issues if you stop taking it suddenly. Crisis mode for anyone with mental health needs. I had high hopes, they failed.
Terrible customer service, terrible therapists. It was not an interactive experience. It was me texting someone who tossed back clichéd responses with no therapy or guidance.
Unreliable app that does not relay all messages sent to therapist. Customer 
support does not respond.
Useless, waste of time
I was told by a therapist that she couldn't help me that I needed to go somewhere else. I suffer from depression so her ugly comment didn't help. I rather try 7 Cups Therapy.
This app is so disappointing, very
Had to open it on browser to work
Won't let me download onto my cell! I have enough space in my phone and my internet is perfect! I've tried restarting me cell, clearing the cache in the play store. NOTHING has worked! Fix this asap!
you have to pay $200 to talk to someone who is really probably just to computer and this app only allowed therapist to talk to teens in the US only I do not recommend this app at all
Does not answer my questions. Sends me robot type replys. Never got back with me after second question after more than 20 minutes. Not personable at all. Would not recommend for anyone who needs real help. That may actually contribute more to their frustration
Talkspace perpetually malfunctions in ways that make it nonfunctional, the UI is at best misleading and customer service might take as long as 3 weeks to get back to you. If your insurance covers a different service, use that one. Talkspace has been a perpetual headache.
A flaw they dont tell you but it should be obvious is that it isnt a free service, they tell you once youve already downloaded and signed up.
It does absolutely nothing. I've tapped the screen over and over. Nothing. Just says follow the steps, but there are no steps.
Dont bother with this service. It is useless. Customer support is non existent. I needed to update info so I messaged a person, not realizing it was a counselor, no response, even I cant help you would have been welcomed but NOTHING. From some of the reviews I'm glad I didnt get too involved. Obviously it's a Hotel California type situation, you check in and can never check out. Negative stars. Useless so dont waste your time.
This is take thryapy. They were trying to get me to their type of insurance not Medicare and Medicaidso the one took so long to answer my questions and then all the sudden it was a therapy by this damn insurance 😠
I gain a lot more insight from support groups, which are free. Plus, you don't experience the condescension and pseudoscience drivel. Definitely not worth the cost.
Therapist was great but the app, customer service, and billing is a nightmare. I can't figure out how to cancel subscription either. What a mess....
If you don't live in the US do not download this app. The therapists cannot 
treat you if you don't live in America. I told them that upfront and 
upfront was paired with someone would couldn't treat me. When they told me 
that billing started. That was a week ago. I still don't have someone that 
can treat me. I contacted customer support about the billing problem they 
have not responded. So I am paying for something I'm not getting. Will be 
calling credit card company for a refund.
For something that requires connection and a personal approach, this was the opposite. This was the worst attempt at therapy I have dealt with. I didnt like the texting. Its also far too expensive for calling or chatting on video directly. And i didnt feel like my needs were met. All around terrible experience. You're better off painting a face on a Volleyball, calling it Wilson, and talking to that everyday. It'll save you a hell of a lot of $$ too.
Therapists dont actually talk to you. You just fill out endless forms, pay your co-pays and they avoid appointments.
The basic plan wasn't really therapy. It was talking to someone. I was supposed to be receive two messages a day from my therapist--I did not. I don't think this is an effective program. I cancelled after maybe 8 or 9 days and wasted my money.
Love the idea but having trouble just starting. Been waiting 2 days for a response to get matched and set up a payment plan. Not a good start. Update: waiting 3 days now, really 4 but I'm not counting weekend since I first signed up Saturday
Worst experience hated everything about it.
I cannot comment on the quality of therapy as I was unable to setup an appointment, but I can comment on the quality of the app. I cannot access my service tickets. I cannot receive notifications even when enabled. Customer simply repeats prerecorded talking points from the FAQ and then marking it solved without ever asking for followup. If I requested help, it's because I couldn't find a solution via the knowledge base.
wish I could give 0 stars, they took my money without providing service. unresponsive providers. what's the point
its super expensive
$89 a month to talk to someone is ridiculously expensive!!
Can't see schedules without signing up for each therapist, six consecutive schedulings cancelled cause they don't actually know what availability they advertised or whatever reason, even a few of them asking for rescheduled dates then denying it ever happened, when you can literally scroll up and read "hey could 12 or 2 o'clock work instead?" Significant waste of time.
I would recommend not to use this app for your needs. In times of medical help this app sucks your money out without proper help coming your way. Find a local therapist thru ur insurance. Best way to go. Good luck.
Similar to what many of the other reviews indicated. I didn't get what I paid for, 2 check-ins per day, some times I wouldn't even get one. I abslotuley didn't feel heard. The therapist I was assigned was not at all specialized in what I needed. Overall a very disappointing experience. Safe your money. Going to try better help, hopefully it will be better :)
I cannot get the help I need no matter what I do. They force you to pay for the help that you need. Now I can't go anywhere
Useless. Setup an initial appointment online. At the end I go to create account, email password, all that. Wait for verification email... Still waiting.... Two days later, day of my initial appointment no email tech support provides a generic response that is of no help 24 hours after I emailed asking for help. Tried creating a new account, no verification email. Don't waste your time.
I tried to set up an initial meeting with my therapist as I purchased a video credit. However, the app kept telling me I needed to purchase a video credit in order to meet with my therapist. I reached out to support, and never heard anything back. Very disappointing and a waste of money. Would not recommend.
downloaded the app since i came across something that said try for a couple days free. then it asked for my credit card. thankfully i checked reviews beforehand and didn't give them any money. Talkspace is one big SCAM. the fact that they have Michael Phelps as a spokesperson is laughable. we all know damn well his rich ass wouldn't pay for a sh*tty service like this.
Pointless, none of the advertising or the actual play store says anything about the absurd prices or how it's only for adults. I told "Cami" I was 16 and without skipping a beat she informed me of the immense price and told me to get my parents to pay, teens are some of the most emotionally unstable and you think we want our parents in on this? For a mental health app they go to great lengths to make you feel like nothing but a cash cow for them to milk, great job guys that's really what someone having real troubles needs to think while trying to get help
Had been assigned to a therapist then switched multiple times(charged me for this). Then finally got a therapist who maybe sent 4 words a day and she didnt even acknowledge what i wrote to her, she would ask me questions about stuff i already said. then finally she disappeared and never came back. I contacted support and they refunded me maybe 10% of what i paid for the month when i got nothing out of this whatsoever. At the time i was in a bad place and having that happen made me lose hope.
They want to put a bait too fast so you subscribe for only listen your issue. But there's no promise or any real potential in the therapy... This could work with regular dumb people.
Can't install this app on LG G5. It downloads but then I get error message -505. Tried all troubleshooting options but nothing worked. Only app I've had issues installing on this phone.
I CANCELLED MY SUBSCRIPTION RIGHT AFTER I GOT IT AND THEY HAVE NOT REFUNDED MY MONEY!!! $146 DOLLARS FOR UNUSED TIME!?!?! IT WAS 4-6 HOURS AHEAD OF TIME AT LEAST!!! THE THERAPIST HAD NOT EVEN TALKED TO ME !!! THATS OUTRAGOUS!!! DO NOT USE THIS APP FOR THERAPY, IT IS EXPENSIVE AND THEY WILL NOT REFUND YOU!!!!
I got on for help, and all I get is sent to hotlines when I say I can't pay 
196$ to talk to someone.
Cant login even after verification. Waste of time. I cant waste time just trying to sign up naahhh..
Even with assistance with cost as a single mother cant afford the $45 minimum required not covered by insurance money is one the things causing stress and anxiety
It was great...until you try to cancel. My therapist was notified by the talkspace team i cancelled. I thought we were all notified and i find out today over a week later that i was charged $99 for another month of service that i DO NOT WANT. Check your bank statements for weeks after cancelling! EDIT: The response is FALSE i have not r e ceived a refund and no one has responded to my three emails at all. Inexuseable. They can take your money faster than anything but cant respond to any emails.
So far this has been a giant waste of time... More than a day between one sentence cookie cutter responses from a therapist who didn't prompt additional conversation. Want a new therapist? Go back to a long insurance assessment that doesn't tell you anything about coverage and unustomized assessments that don't apply to your intake questions at all. Pretty useless.
Please make sdcard moveable
It didn't really help much at all, it felt very impersonal and distant. You basically can text as much as you want but then your therapist will respond with a couple sentences that don't really get to the heart of a lot of matters. Without paying the huge price just buy an empty notebook and a 8 dollar self help book. Write as much as you want in the notebook then read about 4 sentences of the self help book once a day. There, now you have the same thing as this app for about 10 bucks.
The enrollment therapist was extremely attentive; got my money.  First therapist got me mixed up with another; called me Doug.  Second therapist is never on other to ask, "How's your day been?". I reply, she replied back days later.  I've NEVER had an asynchronous session.  The second therapist cancelled our first tele-session.  Talk space performs like an old Electrolux vacuum cleaner.
If you have the extra $$ laying around you can try this app. Otherwise if your on a budget don't even bother downloading it. *hope crushed*
I went on this bc my mom broke and im just a teen that needs help
It needs a insurance card slot not based off of money because thats what most places do they arent money based but insurance based
I've tried the website and the app and there's no way to actually set up or get started and absolutely no instructions. Don't waste your time looking for help here.
Biggest waste of money I've ever been scammed into. I tried 2 therapists. Both were blatantly uninterested in listening or engaging. I tried reaching out to customer service, but they are equally unresponsive. Horrible, horrible experience. This company is preying on the vulnerable.
not confidential
Providers do not value your time.
Do not use this they tryn to scam
Horrible place. They don't except insurance. And ppl that are absolutely in need of help they turn away. Even with kids involved. Don't give your money to these ppl. They don't care about you or your problems.
Therapists seem like they want you off the chat as soon as possible. Very dismissive and doesnt seem to want to help. Customer service is slow
not free.
I am very disappointed with this app. People shouldn't have to pay to get help, people should be able to ask for help and others should be willing to help without cost.
I can't register it keeps saying retry and it dos the same thing every time.
Working through a common issue such as anxiety or depression, expect to receive scripted responses that the therapist copies and pastes to your chat. It is more of an algorithmic approach as opposed to an individualized plan. I felt like I was making no progress with the vague and repetitive responses from the therapist. In addition, the customer service is not helpful...sent a time sensitive email around a week ago an havent herd anything yet.
It's been over a week and all that has been accomplished is: I was billed, a lot. And multiple no call, no shows. It's not looking good.
Therapist was not responsive, canceled the service.
Had to use technical support twice in the first few days. Picked my plan Saturday and paid, but nothing ever happened. The person assigned to my intake doesnt even work Saturdays. I contact support to find out they aren't even open weekends. An app that deals with people's mental health and intakes new patients on weekends needs to have support available; huge, negligent oversight. Sunday I finally get intake questions, Monday I get a list of therapists. Try to pick, and it's already expired. Tr
I wanna change my person 🙁
By the reviews, I just run away, far away.... Bunch of losers who sound anything but professional. Can you close your app and spare innocent people who needs real help, and not an incompetent nightmare service? Thank you. Would be the first good start for a change.
You suck
I am almost certain that the intake process and the minor few responses I 
got from a "therapist" were canned responses from a program. The intake 
process is 5-7 days, then my "therapist" was sick and couldn't respond for 
several days. After that, the replies were like Cosmo articles and 
redirected my texts back to random intake-like questions. Of course, they 
couldn't refund the money for the time they took intaking and being sick. 
HUGE waste of time, effort, money, and worst of all, faith. After all, I 
came here with trust issues.
I'm sure mileage will vary but the therapists I matched with weren't capable with more than cookie cutter template responses. Even after deleting everything they just spam your email. Take your money and go see a real therapist.
Don't expect anything but the most basic interaction with a therapist on this app.  Maybe one quick text msg a day.  Therapist are used to charging 120 bucks an hour so they aren't really going to care about you for their cut of 120 bucks a month.
This didn't work. I confirmed my email then nothing happend.
I completed all the forms right when signed up yet no one ever contacted me in a week. I cancelled my subscription, but they still charged me $300.
Waste of money. Therapy is great just not with Talkspace. I tried for 3 months with this app. Very disappointed.
It was just okay. I didn't care for the interface of the app. I didn't always think to message my therapist. You only get 30 minute sessions to talk with your therapist as opposed to the usual hour. I paid $196 for a full month and I only got one live session with my plan. It's extremely overpriced. I finally was refunded for the last half of my subscription after sending 3 emails. There is no way to officially close out your account or remove your card and I don't like that.
We were unable to get a therapist after 3 tries. One stopped responding, two said they don't do couples therapy. This is not what we were led to believe when we started this service. Now we are trying to get our money back and not getting anywhere. FAIL.
Absolute trash. Very cold, lifeless, copy and paste "therapists" who are obviously working a dozen people at a time. Then the spring on you that this costs more than your car and they don't take insurance. Blood sucking, foul creatures.
Confusing interface that runs you in circles trying to cancel the subscription. There is no way to contact anyone by phone for tech issues and my emails have gone unanswered. Very discouraging for a company that is supposed to be there as a line of communication. I'm now out $400 for an unused, unwanted service.
Horrible. Never talked to a therapist. I thought this was suppose to be a fast, easy way to get in touch with someone. In weeks I NEVER was contacted by either therapist I tried.
Waste of money and time
I don't what I'm doing I'm sorry.
Don't use this service. I filled out all the forms they asked me to, and then my "therapist" insisted I still needed to. Their baseline questionnaire comes off as hostile, implying that people only need therapy because they are unproductive at work. Besides that, their support team appears to only deal in scripted responses. At least they finally let me cancel my account
App keeps crashing wont load
This is a teribble app  I am a teenager and I have been looking online to be able to talk to someone then this app tells me one I have to pay and two I have to be over 18 years of age that's just not right 👎
I hope I'm a singular case, but just getting started on this has been weird. The communication with the matching agent alone has been going on for 2 days, with 10 text messages. The last 2 were me replying back. I just imagined an online entity could have streamlined this to the one night I wanted to sign up. Maybe I'm just unfamiliar with the process, but from what I've shared so far I'm sure more than one person could contribute to expedite the process.
Downloaded the app in the hope that maybe I'd be able to talk to someone that could help but I couldn't make an account on either the app or the website. Google is advertising this app when you type in help for depression and suicide counseling. Or should work. People whip are struggling with mental health aren't going to respond well to selling help only to be denied.
it's not free, you have to pay a very large amount right after you tell the match what's wrong,
This was the worst experience. I purchased a $708 plan, and was told to upgrade to video sessions by the therapist. I did this, and due to conflicting schedules, I was not able to meet with him until I was 3 weeks in. $300. Then I was told I didn't have the right plan. I sent my receipt, as well as my plan overview. Therapist said I had to talk to customer service, who sent me an email...we're working on it. Be watchful of your hard earned money, and use another vendor.
Terrible app does nothing for anyone with depression, but wants to bank off of serious problems
I got one week of therapy and my therapist went on leave. I tried three times to request a new therapist and have received no reciprocation from talkspace at all. They are scamming mentally ill people out of their money.
WARNING: Do NOT sign up for this app unless you are prepared to pay 100% OUT OF POCKET. I signed up for Talkspace mid August after seeing that my therapy would be covered 100% by insurance. Next thing I know, my credit card has been charged $396 for a month subscription. My insurance provider said they were never billed so they can't reimburse. Been trying to reach customer service for the past 5 weeks and they have yet to respond to my OR my insurance provider's inquiries. Don't waste your $.
Very bad app , they just cheating ppl after getting the payment . No body 
will response after u do the payment
they do not notify your therapist of your message a good amount of the time and only do so if you threaten to cancel your subscription. When i contacted help asking about how to get a refund for the weeks i did not get therapy, i got a message from my therapist right after, which just smacks both of this apps disorganization and their desperation to keep your cash. While it was not difficult to cancel, the amount of "are you sures" before I did so was not great. Listen to the negative reviews.
Complete and total joke. Want you to pay 100s of dollars a week and not get any help. See a real therapist. You get what you pay for there. Here they just want your money. And send you a couple messages and say well there it's done. Pay me more to continue....
Was pretty good at first. Therapist seemed to be intelligent and caring. Pretty soon though, I discovered a lot of the comments seemed to be canned and not specific to me. Got worse as"therapy" went along. I didn't have the highest expectations for $200 a month. i think 2 real in person sessions with a therapist would be more effective....js.
There slow. How can you get help when you can't have a continuous conversation
Just waist of time and patience. They play with the people. So disrespectful. Don't even think about this app.
Rude counselor
No one is responding to me. I'm being completely ignored
The therapist ghosted me after 12 weeks , they are not giving you any help unless you book 12 more weeks. They reply twice a day and this is no more than 1-2 sentences , they dont care , because as long as anything is texted , the therapist is going to get paid. Save your money and go to real therapy Wish i could give them zero stars
Pay wall from the very beginning. Lowest subscription plan offered was 32$ a week. With 40$ off in the first month. Advertising created false sense of free unlimited messaging. Doesn't offer any free options or features either. Competing apps are far cheaper. Save yourself the time and money on this app.
Honestly I have great health coverage and thought this app would fit my 
schedule. It's absolutely horrible and totally false advertisement I did 
not even get to do my 30-minute live session with my therapist. Your 
therapist is in your private room 5 days a week even though I liked my 
therapist I would always leave my messages early in the morning and 
sometimes wouldn't hear back until 10 at night. so the availability listed 
for that particular therapist was not accurate as I noticed it was like 
that with other therapist as well. Even if you pay out of pocket weekly to 
see a therapist with no insurance it can be possibly cheaper if not the 
same prices this at least you actually get a full hour of talking to 
someone instead of five minutes a day. Which is truly only 25 minutes a 
week so I basically paid more than I would pay to see a therapist for two 
full hours and that's not even what I got through this website I would 
never recommend it to someone who is truly trying to get better
After reviewing my finances for the month of June, I determined I could not afford the subscription fee that month. Going through the options, I chose to freeze my subscription for that month. I promptly received an email informing me that my account would be frozen and not charged for the month of 6/16/2016 - 07/16/2016. However, on 06/26/2016, I was charged the subscription fee anyway without my consent. Do not use this service.
Total f#™king joke. Was sent 2 payment requests and 3 marketing studies which disguised themselves abd patient questinaires. When you finally get a response from a therapist, its cooy and pasted pablama with zero pertaining to yiur initial request. You then must wait 24 hours for a single response. F$#k this app, its a false hope which prays on people seeking rral solutions.
does not work well with my version of android and will my let me log in. 
how are we suppose to get help when the app isnt usable?
Not an app for helping people. If you want help seek a professional, this is just another money pit app.
My insurance covers this app, but they want me to pay them out of my own pocket, because when I asked how to bill it through my insurance, the matching agent stopped responding to me for days. I'll stick with a live therapist, thanks. I'm not paying $316 a month when my copay is $50.
If you're looking for someone who cares about your struggles and isn't just there to take your money look elsewhere.
Please do not download this app please do not download garbage app
Pay a min of $65/week and you'll get to blog all your thoughts and feelings to a stranger and get two responses a day (one by 12pm, one by 9pm). The therapist will basically confirm that your problems are tough, give you cookie cutter platitudes in effort of comforting you. No action plan such as measurable goals, homework, deep insight, etc. Also, as a therapist, I expected their spelling and grammar to be better. If that's sufficient for your needs, then this is the method of therapy for you.
this is very expensive. they will not accept insurance and its a text messaging svc at 50 bucks a week
Awful UX. I feel like I need therapy just from trying to get the app to work.
useless app
There is a STEEP service fee of $32-$99 per WEEK! Did u hear me? Not per month or per year... Per WEEK.
Signed up Nov 30th for $300 for a month. Therapist I paired with struggled to respond in time and missed promised response time. It took days to even get 2-3 paragraphs from her. I switched to a new therapist on 12/3 and up to this review today 12/8, have yet to get a single response. I messaged her multiple times with nothing back even though it says she working and gives promised response times. Contacted support for a refund, was offered 20% off new therapist. Embarrassed and robbed.
I waited for a response just for the setup. It says to tell them about yourself...then asked me my name and age. Answered with my name and age got a response saying it was nice to meet me and then nothing. I waited and waited, and nothing. I was really needed help last might, I'm not fond of driving to a therapist. I was hoping this app could be something good for me. It was just a waste of time.
I think it is important to get true customer experiences for this type of therapy. I just canceled my service with Talk Space. After receiving more of the same canned responses, I have decided Talk Space isn't the type of therapy worth spending my money on. I find it impossible to get quality care with a therapist imposed 2 response limit. Seek in office help. It will be cheaper and more beneficial in the long run. See glassdoor reviews, and /r/therapy on Reddit for therapist and customer experiences.
They want your credit card then dont respond scam app
Not helpful
Got this free through work, and it's horrible. My current assigned therapist never responded and there is no good way to fix it.
They dont respond They dont listen They dont care They aren't worth the time
I thought it was free,plus the lady texts slow and wont answer my text
Can't register
Awful customer support
Thank you, Talkspace. I needed a reminder that my life is only worth how much money I can accumulate in a year.
I hate it why do we get to pay for this app it's not fair some people really need that help is that what they get for trying to talk to someone?
Cant help anyone they just want $and so do i.
They took too long to find me a therapist and I am left feeling prayed upon and robbed of $100 and as of yet, I have heard nothing about my refund request. Edit: after SEVERAL days the billing department has approved my refund. Waste of time, energy and money.
Patient, doctor confidentiality breeched. Your private chat is accessed by 3rd party without your permission. Therapists are not up to par
I doubt they are the best therapists you could find....The advice one gave me was to go on youtube to watch meditation videos. Seriously? Not worth to pay for that. When i asked to change therapist, they could not find one because they are restricted . They reimbursed a part of the membership but Waste of money.
Within 4 messages, they are asking for a monthly subscription fee. They blow smoke for a minute then hit you with "for 100 bucks a month...". Uninstalled.
i cant make an account.
Not comfortable discussing my issues for the first time on chat. I expressed that and they rather harshly said go away.
It was exactly what I expected it to be, honestly. Had my doubts about it and as some say, it seems mostly canned responses. One of my therapists responses didn't even make sense and she doesn't really respond more than once per day. I guess I'm just used to the more typical conversation/immediate response and reflections from in person therapy. Its expensive for what it is, maybe if there were more structured "sessions" dedicated to responding back and forth... cancelling.
App is broken and this type of therapy doesn't work. I highly suggest anyone considering this to break down and deal with their problems other way.
My partner and I sought relationship counseling. Our first counselor was barely responsive, and when she did respond it was a repeat of everything we had just said with no constructive output. "Well it sounds like you feel this way".... yea... I just said that. We switched counselors, and the next one was even less responsive. Its been 3 days and no response. I submitted a complaint the customer support asking for a refund as we have literally received nothing from the service we paid for.
Actually tried to say something true and meaningful to me. Guess what happened? Got ignored and sent to a suicide help line!... Uhh... hello? Isn't this supposed to be the place where you can share your inner torments? Cause if it's not, then it is just a coffee break, and I'm just wasting my time.
Thier intake process is stupid on the way they have it setup.. all 
responses are canned but seemingly come from a real person I waited over a 
half hour for 5 responses . Eventually I just gave up and closed the app. 
If everything is canned on what they say initially for intake process why 
not just automate this rather then piss off potential customers.. not 
everyone has all day to wait for responses
Therapy is a great. I think everyone can benefit from therapy. Just not if TalkSpace is the provider. I should have known something was up when their system generated a "cancelation email" just over a week in. They are still working out too many kinks to be handling people's lives in such delicate states.
Rates are equivalent to a second car payment per month.
Well i paid a ridiculous amount of money by weekly basis and i didnt actually get to start talking to a therapist until a whole week later...and d day of our scheduled appointment something came up on her end so we couldnt video chat. Whats the point of paying for a week if i only get a response once in a while. I paid for a month and only used a week. Trying to get in touch with support so i can get my money back is nonexisting.
it say e for everyone and yet im too young
Its either a robot or just 1 woman talking to 30 people
You have to be over 18 for this. I'm 17 so no help for me here even when I asked
Illegitimate and possibly predatory. If the 3.0 rating wasn't enough to awaken you; DO NOT INSTALL! Rate 1 star and move on.
These apps are ridiculous... they over charge and you get no help like you'd think. Its atrocious how this all played out...
My matched therapist simply did not write back to me - in a time that I really needed to speak with someone. I was told that I would hear a response "within 24hrs" and here I am, 5 days later with nothing. So for the money they're charging and the "service" they claim to offer, don't waste your money or time with talkspace. Even contacting customer support to voice my displeasure, or try to get some kind of answer as to why my therapist won't respond is met with an auto response of "it may take 2-3 business days to respond". Ironic that an app that offers support, doesn't actually give support to it's paying customers. DO NOT USE!
My therapist didn't even show up for his own video session that he scheduled. When I go to book a session, it says he's not available for the next three weeks. So I've paid 4 this month for nothing. Looking for a full refund. DO NOT SIGN UP FOR THIS
Money,money,money, monay.....MUNAY!!!
A 196 dollars a month, I mean I'm aware nothings free but what about the people who can't afford 197 dollars a month and need help.
Still in the first few weeks of therapy, but my therapist is waiting days to respond to my messages, and most responses ask me to allow her more time to respond, and she doesn't actually address my issues. I'm opening up about my most shameful demons, and then I get nothing back for days, it is doing my head in. Had to scrape and save up to give myself this month of therapy as a birthday present, and I am feeling so so much worse from it. I have put in a request to change therapists and haven't gotten a response, I have also sent a message to support with no response. The app also has a bug where it keeps asking me to complete forms I have done already, so it has me stuck in the Legal stage despite completing that on 14th of September
So y'all just delete the review you don't want to see? 😂 This app is the WORST and honestly a JOKE. Text home to 741741 for FREE service or download the FREE app Lyf.
I tried this - it's not a great way to do therapy for me. However, I'm trying to cancel and I'm on the hook for the entire month I paid for, even though I've exchanged 2!!!! messages with my therapist. Really that's ridiculous, and because of the way the billing works I would absolutely not recommend this to anyone unless they're 100% this format is the format for them. It's really feels like a scam and I was duped.
Keep showing ad when I dont want the app
I told them my problems and they ignored it like I wasn't important to them.seriously I really don't think they are therapist cuz if we're they would actually help me out with my problems
$70/week subscription is ridiculous
My experience started out well. Great therapist, responsive, made some progress in the one month. Unfortunately I also experienced the extremely poor customer service. The opposite of responsive. I have been waiting a week and still have not received a reply.
The 2 therapist matched with both told me they were not accepting new clients .. this problem needs to be fixed.
If you need help see a real person in your area.
Whenever I try to register it says there was an error. Uninstalling immediately.
The feedback about basic interaction is pretty much spot on. I told my therapist I was tired of going out to functions with people that constantly blew me off. Her response was to push myself to go out with them anyway and foster the relationships, apparently forgetting that's what got me in this situation in the first place. On top of that I took a personal assessment that we still haven't gone over. This is my second therapist and I haven't responded in over a week. I'm not sure I will. Perhaps I have the wrong expectations, but absolutely nothing has changed for me in the two weeks I've been on. There are days I barely remember I even joined.
I paid $100 for something I didn't use ... And I havent got my money back .. it's been more than 3 business days and they haven't replied I don't understand.. I just want my money back
I've subscribed to the service and have had no problem with it so far. Now I've been using my computer but I figured using the app would make it much easier for me to communicate with my therapist. Unfortunately, each time I try to login I receive a "server timeout" prompt which means that my login attempt has failed.
Not a good experience. The person barely replied, and went on vacation. Their assessment also was due but after she is going to be out for 10 days.
This app is not only a complete rip-off for lack of better words but also a giant disappointment to those of us truly in need and shame on those people who who created and keep producing this bull s product.
No one to talk to for support. Therapist did not match my problems.
This is way to expensive. Affordable my ass 😂😂
I cancelled my service but I still got charged
Complete rip off!!! You will get one response per day from your Therapist. Most of my responses are questions. She doesn't come back that day to finish the conversation after my answer. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY! And shame on them for taking advantage of people in this way.
👎
$99 a month is expensive!
The app not free like what they promised, the dr take too much time to respond and she copy and past script obviously she is customer service agent not a doctor
hthid Doent even work
You will never talk to anyone just do more paperwork and pay more money until you give up.
as usual, expect you to pay for what seems to be a robot?. 1 star.
When someone is in need of help, you shouldn't use that for money. As soon as you say your problem they say something about subscription for monthly or yearly then they will help... As if.
The app is quite terrible. Force closes often, messages in the room randomly are deleted as you send them. If you try to send a video message or a picture that doesn't send either. Happens both on wifi and cellular connection. Love my therapist but I hate this app.
Was very eager to give this a try. Can't even log in. I create an account, and it tells me the account/password isn't right. I can do a password reset and it still doesn't work.  I guess I'll give it another try later.
Buggy. Needs a UX Designer. Hi, I'm a UX Designer 👋🏽
Not enough qualified professionals and too costly even with insurance👎
I think in theory this is a very good idea. Sadly it is just not executed well at all. Had to swich therapist several times, cus I am not living in the US - still constantly got recommended therapists that weren't allowed to take international clients. 2 times I thought I had found a good match, but then they'd barely reply/ first one only asked for my name & never messaged again. It is too much money for no replies/ it feels like they are just trying to run down the clock. Very frustrating.
I needed one talk about a hard situation, I didn't need to use it every day and there is the respond:  "Sorry you would need to subscribe for a month, that is how our subscriptions work"
I dont understand why this costs so much damn money to talk to someone!
not good as the app was on the free app but its not have to pay
Awful. Don't waste your money.
expensive ONLY FOR THE RICH...
hey guys i love the app buh now therez an issuee im still on my monthly plan and the apo has decided to glitch out like i cant even talk with my therapist without the app becoming inreponsive
Many of these conditions can not be treated in this format and it's concerning and unethical to claim anything else. I find it difficult to believe this app is doing more good than harm.
Takes your money, fails to work, customer support doesn't respond. Would not recommend.
6 and a half hours and counting and still waiting for my therapist to respond not helping my situation at all. Maybe I should be given a therapist in my own time zone.
It was awful they were mean and rude to me they keep sauing your a loser
This app is still bugging out. I put in a ticket 2 weeks ago, no response still.
Great idea in theory, but clunky in execution. I asked for a female therapist and their auto-matching system kept giving me men. I messaged a matching agent asking how to delete my account, she said to just logout. I can't log out of my account on the app, even after uninstalling and reinstalling. I think they make it difficult to leave to keep their customer numbers high, even if they don't use the service. I'm going to call customer service to see if I can delete it over the phone.
Horrible communication between customer service, therapists, and clients. Their response times are very very slow. This is a text only service so be prepared to text a hell of a lot. They have no options for video chatting or even using zoom.
I picked a time to meet with the therapist and the session was scheduled. She canceled so I picked another date. I joined the session at the scheduled time and the therapist was not responding. I sent a message in the chat and received no response. Extremely disappointed!!!
Tells me my info is incorrect, but I can log straight in on a browser.
Terrible! Price wise was fine. But i have switched therapists 3 times due lack of response (one even read everything and left me on read). All i did was answer the first therapists question. And now am trying to get customer service to help me simply close my account cause ive had enough. I was hoping this would help with any scheduling issues but nope! It was a waste of time and very discouraging to use.
No one ever replied to me. No one. $500 for no response.
You pay people money for them to tell you to Google it or read a book. In my experience there isn't any therapy going on here. Waste of money.
not worth it, at all, charging people 195 a month is ridiculous, hows is making a person spend 195 a month supposed to help when major financial struggle could be the one reason a person is severely depressed, there are places and apps that are free, not worth the money at all. shouldn't have to pay to save someones life from mental health problems
These people refuse to tell you anything about what you're getting unless you pay several hundred dollars. They don't answer questions, don't care about you, just push you to pay. I refuse to pay that much money if you refuse to tell me anything about what I'm getting. Canned responses from customer service was dismal. Uninstalling, waste of time and worse yet, waste of hope. Not gonna waste my cash tho!!!
I pay for daily access to a counselor through the messaging option but its more like email. I sent 4 or 5 messages with lots of questions for the counselor and they only answer once a day? I thought it would be like texting back and forth. None of my questions were answered just a message about how the app works and that they will get back to me by noon tomorrow. This is not worth the money. I'm paying for one text a day that doesn't even respond to everything thing I sent? How does that help?
Not a real person.
too expensive and doesnt charge to insurance. it was very disappointing and I needed the help.
This is an incredibly misleading app at best, and an absolute SCAM at worst. Google "talkspace bad reviews" before paying for it!! If you don't specifically search for the bad ones, you'll conveniently only see glowing reports, but the bad ones are overwhelming if you look for them. Therapist responses are robotic and infrequent. Unless you're a teenager being forced by your parents to try therapy, this is probably not a good choice. I wasted so much money on this, and they will not refund you.
Only one therapist available in Texas and it wasnt a good fit for me.
Response times horrible. App malfunctions constantly
Cami Findley, LPC = no bueno. My first message was "Cami, what is one plus (3x5) minus 4?" to which they replied, "I'm a therapist, I'm not here to do math." Forgive me for assuming you were to here to jelp, and wanting me to feel comfortable in this online environment.
Don't waste your money. This has been a frustrating experience due to poor communication from your providers and an overall inefficient process through the use of this app. I should have read these reviews before making the purchase because these people have not proven they care about you as a customer or a patient.
Not sure if I should be mad at Google or Talkspace but either way I was checking prices trying to do research and it charged my account over 1100.00. I tried several times to reach this company to cancel the payment to avoid overdraft charges only to be met with auto voicemails and e-mails stating 3-5 business days. So you can accept payment in seconds but can't return a call or email in days? Pathetic. Especially for those truly seaking help for anxiety and other issues. I will be filing a complaint as I sit here waiting...still to discuss the refund.
Expensive and excruciatingly frustrating. Can't justify spending that much money on a text message therapy app that can't get messaging right. Disappointing.
Not worth the money. I initially was super excited to FINALLY start therapy. The therapist seemed like they didn't care and like they were too busy to have a session. They were quick and had no substance. They never helped me create a plan to help with the things I started for. Very upset.
I'm in the middle of canceling my subscription. The therapists are flakey and connection was unusable to barely working even with wifi. between three therapists I've had no shows to the live video chats and the actual therapy was weak when it was working. you're better off finding a friend you trust to talk to than using the service provided.
This is a scam. They don't take insurance, no one in their right mind would deny insurance. It only increases opportunity to get more clients. The only reason that they don't accept is because they aren't licensed. MHT is not licensed... LMHT is.
Very bed aap
I'm 16, how am I supposed to pay $196 dollars a month..... typical, I can't just get help for free, can I.....
So far not very impressed. I was under the impression that there was a lot of therapist to choose from but once signed up only had 5 that worked with addiction. Then it turns out that the therapist I chose doesn't even practice in my resident State and ended up cancelling on the day of our first appointment. It's been two weeks since I registered and I'm back to square one.
Cant login. Great you have Michael Phelps as an advocate but.... wheres the real mental health help?
Why do we have to pay just for feel better?  Why do we have to pay just to talk to someone?
The therapist gave no interest after I gave a very detailed intro to what I wanted to talk about. I then read a lot of reviews that this is a common issue with Talkspace. I'm not willing to waste my emotional energy by poking around other therapists, so I won't be continuing the service any further.
I uninstalled this app and am stuck with annoying ads from it
After spilling my guts out and say everything that might have caused my issue they only ask for money, not even one advice or good words. They only dare aboutbtye money, it made me frustrated and worse when they didnt even give me one advice!!!!!!! They said u want therapy pay us now!!!!
This is a terrible place. Two therapists later and they completely suck balls. There is another online therapy app. I'd try them. I highly DO NOT recommend
Way too expensive. I'm young and trying to find an affordable therapy option.
More expensive than the other options, less value as well. I was in the matching phase when the matching agent was quite rude, explaining my desires as unreasonable, and that I should be happy with my therapy being predominantly text based. Not. Acceptable.
If I could give less than a 1 star, I would. It's a money grab and they are not very professional. Could never actually schedule my sessions that I paid for because of my therapists time table and when my subscription ran out they run with your money and cradit. I had one of my 4 session that was absolutely useless. Paid money for zero return. I can counsel myself better. Please don't ignore the poor rating as I did, it is rightfully deserved. Hard pass!
Was ignored completely by the first person I got. I don't know if it had to do with the fact that I asked if they do medications or only therapy. Maybe she thought I was a pill seeker which I'm not. Uninstalled. If I could give zero stars I would.
2 "experienced therapists" backed out of assisting in 3 weeks time just out of the blue, even though I was up front with the reason I was signed up and had taken the time to find some that claimed to best suit my needs. No treatment "plan" was even formed! Not worth the money.
You are asked to pay a lot of money up front without getting any information about possible therapists or qualifications of people you would be speaking with. They "match" you with someone instead of you being able to choose who to see or not see. I do not recommend this. At least with face to face therapy you can get information about the person and make a decision before making an app or paying.
I really wanted to like this but instead I'm really disappointed. I was assigned a therapist who I was told specialized in my particular need but would then go and ask me canned questions that read like they had not even read a single bit of information I had told them in previous messages. This is supposed to be therapy, I can keep going from person to person re telling my same story when I just feel like I'm talking to someone retyping a script. I canceled my account and still have time left but already deleted the app cause the help is garbage.
Ugh
My current main stress is finances and though this may be cheaper than going to a therapist I still can't afford it. I want to be able to talk to someone without even worrying about the cost of my sessions. Why not pay the therapists through ads on the app or some other way like a three-day or week free trial. Or like free texting and each video session is so much. There are so many ways this can be improved. Please fix it so you can help me.
I came here for help, but was rejected due to my age and I couldn't even get started. This highly discouraged me and I dont think I'll be trying this again. Thanks Talk space.
I tried out talkspace because I wanted to hopefully find a therapist who would be interested, available and able to talk with me.  However, what I found was an incredibly generic and uncommunicative person who spent a week sending me clearly stock messages. Decent enough app but terrible service.  As an example, I signed up on July 30 and was matched that day. Every day, instead of sending me questions to get to know me, she sent generic messages about legal and process information. I understand that that's a part of the process, In the middle of that, I also discussed what my goals were and what I'd like to see. Instead of responding to that message, she simply sent me the agreement and ignored my statement. On August 4, she finally responded to my goals (after my prompting) and then ask me a simple question in response.   Knowing that she doesn't respond on the weekends, I responded on Monday morning, August 6. After one message, I responded again. I didn't hear from her until 4 days later on August 9. In my message, I had admitted that my weekend was difficult and I wanted support. It is unacceptable that she waited four days to engage again. I will not use this app again.
Insanely expensive!!
Very un-professional. Wants literally almost $300 to be able to talk to someone about depression, suicide, or even mental health. Honestly, so ridiculous!
I was billed for a 1 month counseling service which I agreed to. Once payment was made, I was able to select a therapist. There were only 3 therapist options available which was not the impression they gave on their website or their online intake process prior to me paying for that month of service. I found that scheduling using their app was cumbersome and problematic. On the second day of this service agreement, I scheduled an intro session with a provider to take place the earliest available time she had which was 2 days later. On the morning of the intro meeting which was to take place at 5pm, she told me the booking didn't work and to schedule it again. I scheduled it again in the app and when 5pm arrived, I saw that the system had it scheduled for 2 days later. Based on the extremely sub par scheduling functionality of Talkspace's app, I decided to cancel my subscription. Besides canceling my subscription through the app, I sent a message to their customer support requesting a refund for the remaining part of my first month since I had yet to actually meet with a therapist. It has been at least a week and they have not responded. I have no way to contact anyone by phone since they do not provide a contact number. The cost for 1 month of service that I paid for was roughly $350.
Sounded promising until I read the reviews--doesnt take insurance, etc.  Let me know when you guys start taking insurance and partner with a psychiatrist who can write scripts.
Grabbed it because they said they we're offering free counselling for covid-19. Too bad you have to pay out the ass for subscription first. Charge what you charge but don't mislead people .
I really wanted to use this app. However, I refuse to invest this much money into an app that may not work for me. I think this may be a gteat gimmick to take advantage to people whom are seeking mental help.
I come from Africa. Most people don't even earn a salary enough to pay the subscription fees you are asking. Didn't even get any help. I was just slapped with bills before I could get anything
Don't waste your money
I try to make a account and I did the nickname part I did what it said it wouldn't let me start nothing.
This thing stuck i payed and I didn't get what they said they would do so ya im really mad cause I lost some money.
The people on here just leave you alone in the middle of talking
Expensive
A computer program tried to convince me it was a licensed therapist
Honestly so disappointed. I would definitely call this a scam. There are 
better websites and apps where you can talk to someone for free
This process is bull, you have to wait 4 days for a response, it's very expensive and not very accessible for teens and people who have absolutely no access to therapy. it's ridiculous.
In my opinion this app is stupid and disrespectful a lady harassed me when I told her that I had been depressed for days and she harassed me by saying I have to call national child abuse hotline and I told her I did not say I was abused I said that I am depressed and I said to her you are harassing me and I don't like what you are doing and she continuously was harassing me by pressuring me to call those people which I don't need she told me call the police after so I might Sue for harassment.
On my third therapist. They don't respond more than once every four or five days. And none of them seem to have available appointments for the live sessions. And there doesn't seem to be any admin support as I've sent several help tickets with no response.
expensive.rather kill myself
One star because the app does not allow fast forward or rewind on voice  messages. Voice messages are often 5 mins long and if your phone screen  turns off while it is playing, the message sometimes starts over and you  can't scroll forward or backwards. EDIT: Talkspace replied to this review the same way they've replied to this complaint for YEARS. Scroll back and you'll see this just hasn't been addressed. If they cared, it wouldn't be that hard to fix. You can rewind and fast forward on a desktop computer.
Rip off
poor.... kinda good but waste of time
Do you take passport lol.  See my thing is why should people have to pay for help
Is this app free? And I sent I never received a response in the app from anyone. What's going on?
2 therapist & still no help
Almost $400 for an app to pair me with multiple providers who have no video slots available when I paid for 4 30 minute sessions this month.
This is a waste of time. The therapist take hours to message back two sentences. No real help. Save your self the money.
This app is so bad it made my problems worse lol
This app popped up because I was looking for a prescribing psychiatrist near me to help with my new diagnosis of adhd. They can't prescribe adhd medication so I did this all for naught.
I was looking forward to this and had a TERRIBLE experience. Do not expect much if you try it out!
Joined in December.Kip from customer service was not helpful and said refunds are "case by case", so I switched therapists.The 2nd one Tracy was still not responsive. It's like she never even read what I had to say. I felt disrespected when she scheduled a once a week 30 minute "live chat" at 9am where she didn't reply until 9:20 so I had what 10 minutes? and she didn't even give advice and didn't even pretend she cared. I'm busy & I waited for nothing! More anxiety & stress than before I signed up!$$$$$$$
Simply too expensive. But I guess that's nothing new for mental health.
HATED IT that I had to download the app and actually ask someone before the payment schedule was laid out. Seemed kinda shady. And they don't file insurance.
Filled with glitches when it comes to scheduling appointments.
I try it for the fist time but can not do a Registration
You have to pay for it and you need to ask your parents just like a baby
Was not made aware ahead of time that this app required payment.  Deceptive advertising.
Terrible counseling service. I've switched to 3 different counsellors. All 
flaky, often not responding to messages in a timely fashion. Considering 
it's high cost, you would expect more. I feel like the service has done 
more harm than good.
They give you nothing . They took my money and no service was render. DO NOT TRUST THEM!!!!! SHOWN THEM THE PROOF AND STILL NO SERVICE NOR REFUND BUYERS BE AWARE.
Not great.
I wish that I had read the reviews before signing up. I spent $50 on a therapist (insurance covered the rest) who could only tell me that I needed to contact customer support for couples therapy even though they handle relationships. I spent another $395 for a couples therapist (insurance did not cover) and no response for a week untill I raised a stink. You can only freeze therapy for a month when it automatically unfreezes and charges your bank account again. Stay away. Stay far, far away.
I am sure that quality differs between therapists, but mine was useless.  She replied the requiered amount to fulfill her contract, but the content was never helpful.  She could have texted a thinking emoji everytime. It would have been just as helpful. Even a bit could do better.  I recommended just buying a journal.  This is a waste of money.
Imagine asking someone a really important question. Now imagine waiting 6 hours for a reply. You reply very quickly because you've been waiting for this reply and ask another question. Now imagine waiting another 6 hours for a reply. Imagine you needing therapy and paying over $200 a month for this being the platform lol the model makes no sense. Cool that they're trying to incorporate technology but not sensible when someone is seeking help from a therapist and only gets MAYBE 2 replies a day.
Been waiting over two weeks to hear from support , checked back, am not able to access support tickets and have gotten no responses. Not sure what's going on.
18+
I was trying to get someone to talk to because I dont really have anyone, and one of the agents mentions about Price, so I asked why should an app not even knowing if there is real people who really care knowing theres money involves even have a price. Helping people should Never have an expense No matter Age or Race. I disapprove of this and I just downloaded it. Even if I do have enough money for someone to hear me out I wouldnt pay especially shen we are already struggling.
Customer service for technical problems is nonexistent. Now my sessions are on hold due to inability to get support. Horrible service. Update - I never received help. I made two more attempts to obtain help. I have followed every instruction available to try to cancel this scam service and the button they say to click to cancel literally doesn't exist anywhere. I am filing a complaint with my insurance. I need help. Not more anxiety!
I don't want you to pick out a hat the therapist you want to give me. It should be an option to review the credentials of a candidate before paying them for services. I wouldn't pick a GYN out a hat nor should I I've a therapist whom I didn't select for myself.
Minimum cost $65 A WEEK (us)
They didnt help me because i wasnt of age and i feel its not the age that matters its when you truly need someone to talk to or some help with some problems. So that you for making me think that i finally had someone to talk too
I do not like it..... Not the application but the sign in or log in thingy.... I thought this was free in all but you just have to make like harder.....for the depressed people......pls erase it..... Sincerely: Someone that is a child 👶
I could not even use app because you have to be over 18(I am 17), but I 
think alot of people under the age of 18 especally need help. I'm looking 
for help because my parents won't let me see an actual therapist so I was 
very disappointed to see I could not use this.
For 156 dollars a month i can see someone in person. Also whoever is in control of the intake questions need to work on it- Pretty sure its not a real person and if it is they're really stupid
Not good therapy at a ridiculous cost. Signed up when I was having a panic attack so I could talk to someone, after way too long of just signing up for a plan I had a not great experience with the therapist, nothing bad but just not at all helpful with what I was going through at the moment. After recovering from the attack on my own I now have a $400 bill to basically send my thoughts to a stranger for a month. Not worth it at all
Very poor customer experience, only looking to take your money and run.
Way too expensive
You get a faster response leaving a bad review than you can expect from a counselor. And if you're on the Spectrum, don't even bother. Disheartening waste of time.
I can't get a job with them as an LMFT cause I don't have an iPhone, but consumers don't need an iPhone to have the service.
Terrible
My therapist was great...but sadly, the platform and those who run it are unprofessional and unethical. Look for another service.  I was both, a therapist and a client here and do not recommended it.
People it charge
Poor experience all around. The app continously glitches.
Don't waste your money. I got a therapist that my teen daughter & I agreed on. MIRACLE! We did a questionnaire and when I went to schedule a session he's not available for 3wks. Emails and tickets got no response but when I cancel they offer a new therapist, discounts and a credit if I renew. I want a full refund but Im sure I won't get it. The pandemic is not an excuse. I expect to get what I pay for. I am beyond upset, frustrated and disappointed. They took my money and I can't afford therapy.
It would have taken me like 20 minutes to scroll through the dates for my birthday. I have a Samsung s10+ fully updated...no way to move through the calendar.
It costs $$$ to talk to a counsellor. If you can't or won't pay all the scripted responses refer you to is a free suicide hotline. Meh.
DO NOT TOUCH THIS APP. Their 'matching agent' was offensive to me after I asked a very simple question. I was not rude, I was merely asking if I was speaking to a robot or a person as her face and licence number was plastered all over the page. She spoke to me in a way I would never expect to be spoken to by a friend, never mind someone claiming to be a therapist. Massive scam. AVOID AVOID AVOID.
I get that therapy is expensive but I didn't realize online therapy is so $$$$!! At least my face to face therapist accepts my insurance so it doesn't break the bank. Let's face it...with these prices this app isn't feasible for many.
Absolute worst "professional" service I've ever used in my life. 400 dollars later and I'm told that anyone with real problems should go to conventional therapy. Just go to an actual therapist if you have actual problems. This service isn't going to help you.
Don't do it. Wasted $700 I can't afford to lose.
This is not therapy. If you are in trouble: seek an alternative therapy solution. The company introduces itself by hiding any pricing (~$400 a month and up). You are asked many intake questions. My first interaction the chosen therapist I was asked to explain what I was looking (which I spent time in relaying). The first response was a disinterested set of standard questions, many of which I had already answered previously. My impression: overcommitted therapists not ready to have a practice.
Well... I was about to use this app but after reading all the reviews... No thanks lol. Shame to see so many people with mental health issues being taken advantage of for money. Yikes!
I beilive therapy should be free for the people who need it sorry
Nobody responded to me. I tried 2 Dr's and neither one ever responded. I felt dumb. I spent $160 on getting help. I feel this company took my money and ran.
You could get the same help talking to a well written bot. Pay for therapy
Scam. Misinformation on website and online. Request more than one time to cancel and they don't cancel until you confirm multiple times.
Bad!!!! The app clearly says 3+ and I got there and they said I couldn't talk to anyone. Bad app
Customer support won't get back to you. App functionality is flawed. Video session scheduling is broken, verified by my spouse and her experience. My therapist has flaked on me twice, NO SUPPORT. I have active tickets dating back nearly a month. I couldn't believe I considered paying for this before I found out my insurance covers. Hopefully it gets better. I think I'm more stressed since downloading. 1 star for no customer support, will edit if they get back to me.
The people on this app are just trying to make money. They don't give a rats ass about anyone that goes on there and make you pay 128/month for a little advice
DONT GIVE THESE PEOPLE MONEY. This is a dangerous app. The "therapists" are just social workers who want to make easy money on the side. You pay them to chat with you and if they have to do work they run and block you. I left my partner of 12 years because, after 3 "therapists", she began beating the children and cheating because, "adults should feel no guilt for doing what they want". If this app can help you, then you just need a friend. Also your info is public since they are not docs.
My therapist was good but the customer service is the worst I have ever experienced. What a disappointment. If you need help do not use this app
They are not responding to my request to cancel my account and charging my credit card.
Do not use. While the therapists may be licensed, you are not a priority compared to their in office or personal patients. I do not feel as though my therapist was engaged or helpful. I paid to wait. response. I ended up reading articles from Google or watched YouTube vids to find guidance and tutorials on coping, motivation or meditating. Customer service is no help. You pay for the service up front in good faith but I have spoken to my therapist only twice. I am currently seeking a refund. Smh
If I were to pay 196 a month I'd rather go see a therapist in person. I don't have that kind of money
Not what you think it is.. Just a waste of money.. Better off going in person online isn't worth it the person never responds on time so why..
No help. Snake  oil. There is help somewhere else. Call a 1-800 number you're better off there. They say that there's no obligation of there time that they post. But if you look at the schedule that there is no off schedule  on the app. My therapist said that they would check in on me twice a day. It's been 2 days since I've heard from my therapist. Good luck with the fight.
App won't even open.
I see my regular therapist and I don't have to pay because my insurance. Be nice this would do the same. Or have it a free app feature.  It's not for me and I can't afford it.
Too expensive. It seems those of us poor folk with crisis have so few options.
SAVE YOUR MONEY! DO NOT TRUST TALKSPACE! While this app looks good from the outside looking in, it is a cash grab! They charge $150 a month to text a therapist and $65 for a 30 minute zoom call. Some problems include: -4 days for them to match me with a therapist -Therapists DO NOT check in once a day like advertised -"clinical progress" or "daily exercises" have no use at all and are there to fool the customer into thinking there is documented progress when there truly is none. 0 stars.
Wow, 2 messages a day? So helpful. This app is an absolute disaster. I'm not going to spend 3 months filtering through your terrible selection of "therapists" until I find one that can be bothered to respond more than once every 10-12 hours. 0/10 would not recommend
Horrible, i need free counseling and this showed up as o e of the first when i searched free counseling and it asked for money, quite a bit of money too
dont waste your money. this is a total rip off. i tried discussing major problems and a life threatening illness. I get back from the 'therapist' "Awww I'm sorry :-(" completely unprofessional. offered no help, no guidance. i basically paid two hundred dollars for about 10 messages that sounded like they were writeen by a 16 year old girl.
F******** trash. Stupid asf. Dont get this garbage. Why cant I put zero stars??
No point in downloading, costs a lot to talk to someome
I heard wonderful things about this ap and was thrilled to try it. I have 
health insurance but thought this style of therapy would better fit my busy 
schedule. It was great to be able to message someone in the moment rather 
than waiting a week to talk about it in someone's office. However when your 
talk space therapist doesn't answer from anywhere from 6 hours to two days 
it's not very helpful. I don't exactly have 200$ to waste and I feel like 
that's exactly what this ap was, a waste of money. Very dissapointed.
Terrible therapist Joanna, don't pick her lol Doesn't get back to you, cancels video session..waste of money..
Im sorry this is terrible $49 per week for someone who deals with anxiety and depression. It is sick
Extremely poor. Only allows you to text a therapist not speak directly with someone. A complete waste of time.
Therapist stopped responding when I mentioned I wasn't sure what I would be able to afford. Abundantly clear that money is the 1st, 2nd and 3rd concern of this app. Very disappointed that the first time I look for help this is what I got.
Ridiculous app, refused to listen to what i had to say and shut me down
Therapists never respond. I've gotten one message that could be considered therapy in over a month, and that was "be more mindful" and "the difference between processing and retraumatizing yourself is just thinking about thoughts." I give up, I can't afford this nothing.
There is no way to talk with anyone regarding some questions before I started. Read the reviews and they were not favorable -- therapist did not respond to client had some excuse and way too expensive. Can't even find way to post this review. Definitely not for me.
Won't stop sending me emails even though I never became a client/patient - the unsubscribe button on their emails does not work. I emailed them asking them to stop but they did not respond and continue to spam me.
My therapist apparently had over 15 years in the field but was doing some really basic-level mistakes in the process. Final straw was when she took over 4 days to respond. I've canceled my subscription but instead of a confirmation I received this confusing message that I could continue to talk with my therapist and use the service... even though when I go on the app it says I can't. Don't waste time, very mediocre service for the amount of money spent.
Took forever for anyone to respond to me. Lost interest.
Costs
Before joining them they made me feel good and that they'll be with me most of the time whenever I needed them. However when I finally joined it seems that the therapist only sees my messages once a day and don't even bother to have a continuous conversation for at least a minute I wasted money for nothing really. She asks me one question that I have to write a whole paragraph for and then she disappears for the next day and I'm already over that issue now! Like where are you when I need you?
While good in concept, this app and company forgets the most important part of any service based industry - excellent customer service. After waiting over two weeks to have a ticket answered, I have formally given up on this company and this service. I would highly recommend you look for a local therapist through your insurance provider or through your local directory. This app is not worth the stress and pain it causes
Received an invite link to this service. The first therapist told us they could not accommodate video sessions, which is what we paid for. The second therapist did not respond to any messages. Talkspace seems unable or unwilling to provide the service we paid for.
Very expensive for minimal time with a therapist. Absolutely 0 help from customer service, they never answered any of the open tickets, just look elsewhere for help. Would like to add, that "customer service" replied here to this review, though not to any of the 'tickets' or customer service inquiries made via the app.
Should make it for younger kids. Like down to 12 of age. Some kids need help young too.
Great concept but nothing works. The app crashes. The site is just as bad. Don't waste your time.
My therapist won't talk to me and no information is being given. Trying another.
Lame
Exploitation of people's misery. Total scam.
They charged me upfront for all the sessions for 3 months which was not my subscription. Needs better explanations of how we are charged upfront with terms. Now I will have to wait until support contacts me and its friday.
Talked to an agent 9 days ago about getting matched with a therapist. Guess they couldn't find one because I never got a response or referral.🤷‍♀️
I was excited to start with talk space. I tried to down load and sign up for a therapist, but was not allowed to sign in. When you are struggling and stressed the last thing you want to deal with is extra obstacles
Cannot book sessions. No customer support. My therapist was great, but haven't been able to book another session. This issue is not resolved!!!! Took customer support 13 days to get back to me and thier response did not help. I guess I have to wait another 13 days now...who knows? I'm so annoyed by this. I'm just going to cancel my membership - instead of Talkspace helping me with anything it's become another source of frustration in my life. Freakin' worthless.
Signed up for telehealth. Couldn't get an appt for 3 weeks. Then couldn't get a refund.
absolutely impossible to cancel my subcription. they make you fill out a super long questionnaire and then the submit buttom doesn't work.
Waste of money. Spend money on the real psychotherapist. I was curious about the concept. And while my psychotherapist couldn't work with me due to personal issues, I decided to give it a try. I've been in therapy for 7 years on and off. I have a psychology degree. So I'm familiar with the process. In a week of nonsense question from all over the place and limited brief answers I didn't get anything
Over charging not cancelled subscription!
Dont give any thing without paying them fees. And still use bots to reply your texts. Fool people and patients despite to help them they steel money, even they know most App owners offer lot if you download their app. Un-installing.. waste of mind process, money and even data MBs! It will add to your depression! Stay away!
They're alleged to use patient conversations for advertising. Screw that. Your therapist barely responds anyway and never gives meaningful responses. Been trying to cancel for over a week and they just won't respond.
It was good until she pushed prices on me
Just as bad as all the reviews say. I signed up during a panic attack hoping to talk to someone ASAP. It doesn't list what therapists are available so the one I messaged wasn't working until two days later. I waited. The therapist was online all day and didn't even read my message. I then switched to someone else. This one was online when I messaged. They viewed my message and did not respond. After 4 days I spoke to no one. No help and they didn't give me a full refund. Don't waste your money!
Huge waste of money. Took several tries to get a therapist. First one I chose was leaving the service. Second one I chose couldn't treat anyone outside her state. The one I have now has not had a single actual conversation with me, when answer her I dont hear back for a day or two. She has not asked about me or my life and the grand total of her wisdom has been to breathe deeply instead of having a panic attack.
There are some teens that are poor and don't have parents to be able to afford a online therapist
That time you search for free therapy apps, get this one, and find out it needs to be paid for- like.. All I wanna do is talk.
They want $400, only refundable at their discretion, before you have seen any credentials. You have to buy without seeing anything and hope that they match you correctly. You'll never actually see the therapist so it may well not be who you think it is, it could be a 16 year old giving life advice to me and I'd never know.
Issues with insurance validation and no live call center. Customer service takes awhile to get back to you and they give mainly precanned answers instead really diving into your problem.
$260 a month. Is a ripe off. Counselors are cheaper and in person... This app is only after your money... I just can't belive how much money they want to pretend to help.. When all they want is your money.. scam..
Very short responses and no real direction, actual help or information. At 
this point I want a refund.
The app refuses to clear my password so I can't actually sign out. As soon as you click on the app it signs in. Ever single aspect of using talkspace has been difficult.
I have to say this is probably the worst treatment by someone who is "trained to help me" I have ever seen. I have had issues a while now, I'm shaking, crying, terrified, but I download anyway, seeking help. I get in the chat room, where I explain my situation, and am SASSED and DISRESPECTED by the therapist meant to hook me up with a professional. Then, after shyly giving her my age, I'm forced to stop responding because guess what, THEY CAN'T HELP PEOPLE UNDER 18. Therapists are supposed to be unbiased.
Is this free?
A very expensive service with no metrics that can be tracked by the patient(you) to see progress or work towards solutions. A single text message once a business day establishes no relationship, has no ability to show the flow of a conversation, and makes it impossible to build rapport. Make sure to check the APA or PsychologyToday therapist locators! They will help you get actual help for your money, don't get suckered into something like this when real help is available to you. Good Luck!
slow response, if they get your message to begin with. the therapist I got never addressed my issue, but kept sending links and asking why I hadn't sent more messages.
They say you can switch therapists but im trying to do so, and im getting nowhere. When trying to reach out to support, the app says I have a response, but nothing shows up. Im up to date, so now im just throwing my money away since I'm stuck.
I had two horrible clinicians, very abrasive, self centered, and unhelpful.
They talk to you for about a minute just to tell you that you will be connected to a therapist for a fee!  If I have to pay for it I'd go talk to someone who I know for sure is a licensed therapist and my insurance would cover it! Deleting the app!
For someone who is on a very tight budget, it was a huge stretch for my entire family to even pay for this. So far I've had it for over a week and my therapist has responded to me with about one paragraph total. She told me we would schedule a live meeting, I told her when I was available and she changed the topic, never scheduled it with me and I haven't heard from her in 3 days. I've been writing and writing and nothing. I'm extremely disappointed with this whole thing.
As an LPC I'd say this is probably one of the most unprofessional companies I've seen thus far. If you have a complaint there isn't a customer service dept nor names provided for escalation. So what does talkspace do with dissatisfied clients/therapists? Seems as though they just take money without concern on if quality service is actually provided. My suggestion is find a local counselor in your area willing to do virtual counseling if and when needed. This is not a co that cares about employee/clients.
Pretty sure the "therapist" is a bot.  Canned responses with 2-3 minute delays, and never really says anything.  Spent 30 minutes on my "free consultation" and didn't get anywhere.
Don't waste your money people. My therapist sends me one/two petty messages a week. And I usually don't hear from her for DAYS. This app is a rip off. It's cheaper than actually face-to-face therapy because IT IS USELESS. You're better off having 2-3 sessions with a therapist than talking exchanging a couple of words with someone who's barely ever there. A week of talk space is NOT equivalent to an hour session. It's a lie. Don't buy it.
No ones ever there. I got one session and the dude was a post prison specialist. I just need normal counselling. And when i changed i just get copy and pasted vague stuff and still haven't gotten another facetime session in over a month. Get a real therapist. This is worthless
why cant people with any age go on this app
This app doesn't provide what it says it will. I paid $400 and lost 3/4 video sessions. The app didn't work at the time of the sessions and the only way to do customer support is messaging. All of my messages went unanswered time after time. Total rip off and no one cares to help you.
This is a joke. She tole me bye instead of helping. The b**** told me 'bye and lol' and expected me to give her 100.00.
Poor customer service and they make it impossible to cancel. I emailed and never heard back. Havnt used it in a month because I canceled but was then charged. Reporting them to my bank today
Terms of service mean that anybody with any type of suicidal ideation is legally forbidden from using the service. Nice to know I'm too crazy for you people. This is normally the part where I would start spouting expletives.
I tried to cancel this service purely for financial reasons. The app did not cancel my auto renewal when I completed the cancellation process and I have contacted support 3 times with no contact back. I cannot afford it and I hope my refund doesn't get complicated by the delay due to lack of responses from talkspace support. I enjoyed the app and found it helpful but tech support is lacking and I am forced to write a negative review to hope they see it and help me with my situation.
No one in customer support responds back! I have my first consultation with my assigned prescriber, no response from her, no confirmation that my appointment is confirmed. I booked it on Saturday. It's now Tuesday.I haven't even recieved a response as to how much my credit card was charged as well as when I would hear from the Dr. I believe I just paid $799 for the highest level package, I don't have this kind of money to be wasting during this pandemic. I need help and I'm not getting it!
impossible to cancel
This app doesn't help those who are indigent. You'd think we would want to prevent people from getting to a suicidal point because it is the right thing, not for a quick buck. I am appalled. This was utterly discouraging.
They stopped talking to me after asking if ive ever been to therapy and I said no.
I have had 2 therapists completely ignore me! These therapist are supposed to help! I have received NO guidance, no one is listening, and they are making me feel worse. I am 100% dissatisfied withthe lack of service Ive received and does not wish to continue
It was horrible created more problems than helping me glad to know people with mental problems are just a paycheck
Rubbish
completely unethical was advertised as free but they charge a subscription scamming people with mental health problems during a pandemic you should be ashamed with yourselves
Paid in advance; going on a week of no contact. First chosen therapist missed three "Guaranteed Response" times and never even said hello. Get connected to a Matching Specialist who has ignored me for the last two days. I want my money back.
I had a terrible experience although my therapist was nice and I liked her the first therapist I had never responded. I then chose another one. She didn't respond to me due to an emergency but it took a few days to hear back. I asked for a refund and I never heard back. I wouldn't recommend this type of therapy for a person with extreme anxiety like me. Im completely disillusioned by all of this. Not reliable enough for me.
Don't waste your money. I took $120 that I didn't have hoping that I could have less formal therapy to help me through a rough family time. I was told that my therapist would check our room at least twice a day and respond accordingly. You're encouraged to use your room as a journal. The responses I received were once a day, if I was lucky, and the responses were not appropriate to the information I provided, which made me suspicious about whether my "counselor" was even reading everything.
I never truly initiated therapy with my provider due to money concerns and not truly being ready to talk. I picked this provider being hopeful for my own healing by my rules. However because she reached out to me over the course of a week with coping advice for covid, something I didn't come here to talk about, a 'first session' was marked as having been had and completed the day I considered myself ready to 'start' therapy and now I'm being billed for advice I did not ask for nor what I was
If I could give this app and company a negative star, I would. Customer service is a joke and I can't even log in to my account to get a refund and cancel.
It's wrong you shouldn't have to pay money just to get an open ear i mean if you really had a tuff time that's like no... I do understand that the people who do the therapy get payed but if someone really needs help...
False advertising
It was terrible!!!!!!!!!
It would be nice if it was free as I wanted someone to talk to as I'm going through a lot but they didn't really help as I have to pay and I don't have the money to pay
Very disappointed in the service. I used it last year to get me over a rough hump and the therapist I had was just meh... So, I thought I would give it another shot because 1) I was having another rough patch and 2) there was a discount for the service. First off, my therapist was terrible. I would not receive replies within the timeframe provided for my level of service. It also felt like she was working off of a script. I've had legit face-to-face therapy in the past and I've already gone back to my childhood - I figured all that out. I would type a book, and get a three sentence response. I would not recommend this to anyone. If you really need a therapist, go to one that has a physical location.
Your so called app doesn't even help all ages my mom even said I could be on this site and I clicked yes cuz I had my parents say yes I was allowed to be on here. You get the  app for free but you pay for it, you would think you would have to pay for the app then pay for it also this app is so stupid because i more problems than I ever thought of and it doesn't even help my age group so maybe you should come out with another app for my age
Not helpful at all. Every time I scheduled a video chat, it got canceled for technical reasons. Waste of time.
They honestly don't care about what you're going through, they'll give you a worksheet every now about exercise or breathing, and then pull a question vaguely based off what you wrote that's meaningless for you to answer. It's EXTEMELY one-sided and I absolutely do no recommend it if you're seeking professional help. If you cancel your subscription like I did, the therapists will barely respond, and only talk about how little time you've got, despite all the messages you've written. NEXT PLEASE!
USE BETTERHELP INSTEAD The therapist submitted payments late so I ended up having to pay weeks worth of work at one time. Also I wanted to cancel my account and it would not let me and I attempted to tell my therapist but she kept checking up on me and making me pay even though I stopped talking to her. Customer service was nonexistent. The only thing good about this was I used my insurance so I didn't have to pay full price.
At the peak of the pandemic, I was isolated. And in a way-got to my own peak. Of despair. I never got an answer from the 'assigned' "professional" after spilling my guts.... After 2 weeks of biting my nails & seriously being in a state of dismay -I wrote;complaining about the treatment I had (not) gotten... there was an apology and attempt to coax me into trying it out again, perhaps with payment as it would "assure" quicker attention, no doubt. Seriously so disappointing. Such a shame.
The experience with the counselor was fine, but this app requires user to agree to give access to all your device's photos and files, if you want to use video option. I am now receiving multiple spam and suspicious emails. Absolutely DO NOT recommend.
I wouldn't use this app. You can go to doctor on demand and get a therapist and psychiatrist if needed and they accept most insurance companies even state insurance which they don't charge a copay. I had to pay a $20 copay for each visit until I hit my out of pocket and now I don't pay anything. The only time I would have to pay is if I miss an appointment or cancel an appt without giving them a 24 hour notice so make sure you cancel appts ahead of time. I wish this app accepted insurance.
People are seriously hurting and need to get help and just get stuff of their back and y'all take money from them to do it.  I had to uninstall it just because I would have to pay.  So no help
This made my mental health worse! I had 3 counselors in 2 weeks and each one was worse than the last! The first one was just interested in asking simple questions and not responding to my feelings, the 2nd kept asking questions for answers I already discussed, and the 3rd never responded at all! I went to a matching agent to try to help but all they did was post what automatic suggestions were there before. None of them took the time address my issues.
ridiculously priced $10 per message
The tech behind this app really sucks. I make voice records and when i send them they randomly disappear into thin air and i have to retell my stories again. Great for people in distress. Why do you charge people 160 usd a month without making a decent app?
Very slow response time.
It is despicable to falsely advertise the true cost of your services and to give false hope to those most in need of help.
So hard to cancel!!! Get a journal instead. Therapists are incentivized NOT to talk with you unless you initiate it.
This is an absolute waste of time and money. Advices are general and mediocre at best. Do yourself a favour and go see a real expert. It seems to me that these "therapists", due to their lack of knowledge and expertise, don't have many patients and they are not very successful in their job, so they have to make money in this app. The customer service was also terrible. I requested for therapist change, but it didn't happen.
Very ableist and unhelpful "professionals"
This is a poor representation of therapy. If you want to be ghosted and treated like an unwanted friend, who just asks questions and doesn't give constructive help then you can waste your money on this. I've tried for over a week and with three different people and I've felt worse and not helped
This company hires useless therapists who are more interested in their bottom line then they are in helping they're clients. After my first therapist I was provided didn't have the credentials I needed, and wasn't able to help me, I changed to another useless therapist before rapidly requesting a cancellation. That was 7 months ago, and they were *still* billing me up to a week ago. Do not work with this company, or if you do make sure you're able to cancel on your end from your credit card company so you don't end up paying massively more then expected. There's many good therapists working online able to help you, work with your insurance to find a great one for yourself once a week. The one line a day communication won't help you with this product.
On the very first day my therapist refused to treat me. It's been a couple of days and I still haven't heard back from customer service. I'm stuck with this therapist now. I'm paying day by day and my month purchase is running out. I doubt that they will refund even if it's 100% their fault for matching me with the wrong therapist. Ended up switching therapist halfway once I finally figured it out. This therapist was very robotic and had predetermined responses. I switched again. Didn't work.
First of all I'm not paying for nothing I thought it was free
Paid for 3 months upfront thinking this would be perfect for my life with 5 kids and 2 jobs. I need therapy but when???! I seriously prob spent 4 days with my therapist is all,if that. I went into detail about what I wanted to work on and it was never addressed. I was given a suggestion to help deal with stress and that was it. Nothing else. A week later I canceled and was made to fell lucky to get 2 mos back. I paid 1 month for nothing no help at, all nothing.
Hell no
way to much money to pay for a month. It's telling me to pay $845 a month this is with a discount. I would not recommend this app there are places and other apps for way way cheaper.
Emotions vs money
Don't bother with this app if you need actual help. I tried two so-called therapists and neither one was effective. A huge waste of money. There turn around on communication was very slow and the therapists seemed to not care or perhaps they had too many clients? If you're just looking for a sounding board from someone who lacks depth or actual skill, maybe it will work for you. You'd probably be better off just calling your mom or a friend.
In-person therapy costs more but it's worth it. This is not. Paid for the first month to try it. Too many tech issues. Couldn't open audio messages most of the time - not even with WiFi. I told the therapist I had trouble opening the audio, but she continued to send me a mix of texts and audio. Felt unheard. Added to my stress. Scheduling issues where she flaked on me 2x. I'm a busy person. Don't waste my time. Online medium makes it easy for therapists to not care. They never see your face, so who cares.
I receieved 6 free sessions as an employee benefit - I am so glad I did not pay for this service. Therapist missed first appointment - then went on vacation. She literally was the only therapist there was for me to choose. Customer service has not responded to two emails. I highly recommend avoiding this company and service.
The app says it's free but it's really not cause one your in they tell you that you have to pay to talk with someone, if that's how it works you need to stop jacking people around and put a price on this app. Plane and simple.
Rubbish.
It keeps saying there's an error while registering
Feels like a scam. Customer service is VERY slow. I needed a refund last 
week and no one has answered the phone or email.
When I signed up for Talkspace the first therapist who spoke with me was very responsive. She found out my reason for coming to talkspace, provided therapist options and payment plan options. Once you get setup with the actual therapist the "schedule" that is shown in their profile doesnt matter because they are very unresponsive(responds once every 24 or 48 hrs) which defeats the purpose of the misleading availability. This is not a good alternative for a real therapy experience.
Its now 3 minutes past the appointment time. I was supposed to have access 5 minutes prior but have no way to enter video session that has been confirmed by the counselor. I don't see anything I entered a few days ago into the "room" on my computer that I sent when I signed up online. Way overpriced and way underperforming. Negative stars should be an option.
The app is pricey, customer service wasn't helpful regarding finding a therapist and after my cancelation, I'm still getting emails which is incredibly irritating. Don't waste your time.
registration failed! it's a useless app! but yet I get email notifications to start using talk-space but can't use talk-space!
Betterhelp is way better than talkspace! The speciality of therapists are very limited and even if you get assigned a therapist matcher they just give you a generic selection and tell you to fit what's best. In betterhelp you were able to find therapists tailored to the issues you wanted to address. My therapist also didn't accept my session booking for a week straight and it just kept getting canceled. If I go back to virtual therapy, I'm not using talkspace.
a joke what if you want a week of counseling or cant afford a whole month off the bat ... need better biling options
It wouldn't even let me sign up.
Couldn't read thru the terms and it would return me to the enrollment page after about 1 minute. How do you expect some to agree to terms they cant read without interruption?
No help at all!!
It don't reach out to teens, the teens are the ones who have most of the problems
Bad app don't waste your time.
All they talk about is buying the membership..
Not what it appears. What good is having this covered by insurance when u get surprise charges?! Buyer beware...it takes them days to return emails ( this is 3 days,still wating) and THERE IS NO CUSTOMER SERVICE PHONE NUMBER TO CALL!! Tried to contact on all social media, with no response. Also, I followed al instructions to cancel subscription, but that link is mysteriously not to be found, hmm.
I cancelled my service & they refused to refund my money. Cognitive Behaviour Therapy is a FREE Service App. Try Them.  And I still never received a refund.  I talked to my therapist twice. She was very "not into it"
I have nothing to say let me play my game
Pricing is way off from normal therapy sessions. And I realize you're paying for a convenience. But they also don't take any form of insurance. Skyping a therapist four times a month and being charged $300 for 3 half-hour sessions is ridiculous.
The 1st time I downloaded this app in march, I paid out of pocket and not only did I not click the person who was matched as my therapist, THEY cried about their life and then ghosted me the next two sessions. I recently decided to try again now that I have health insurance, and talkspace only showed one therapist for me based on my insurance, so I chose him... only to have him tell me he doesnt work with people from my state and to sign up for a diff. counselor. Which I cant do through the app
I tried talkspace for two weeks.  I paid the full $99 for a month.  My therapist responded to me once or twice a day with generic questions.  Our conversation never felt fluid and every day felt like starting over.  Huge waste of time and money.  I should have gone to actual therapy and had a real conversation.
If you are thinking about signing up to talkspace, don't, especially if you are planning on getting the text message based plan which is completely useless. I paid $160 for a month and used my insurance, and all I had access to was to texting and sending voice notes to my therapist, and also a 10 min video call??? really?... I wish I could tell you more but I can only write 500 characters.
I understand they are ''licensed" therapists who need to make a living but the ad is very misleading and I felt like I wasted my time after telling a stranger my problems and then her response is basically a sales pitch.It really bothered me that I wasn't asked right before we got started if I am having any thoughts of suicide or self harm.I am not but many people reaching out to this app could be and it was a huge red flag to me that this wasn't addressed right upfront.I feel dumb for falling for this bs.
Your a bunch of out of country quam losers ur app sucks
cash grab
I cancelled my subscription through the app and was still charged $156 - I was still charged, and as its a holiday weekend, can't contact customer service until Tuesday. This is absolutely ridiculous.
196 month I'm better off talking to myself not worth it just have someone talk to you
It seems like therapists are never really available and I don't think it's their fault. Ive had the app through insurance for 5 weeks now and haven't been able to have a single appointment the entire time. My first paired therapist wasn't available due to health problems, which I understand but when I switched to a second therapist, it seemed like she never got my messages so that we could schedule our appointments. It's causing me more stress - my depression and ocd are bad enough on their own.
the app is unreliable for booking appointments
dumb waste of time i had one question, i was having a real hard time i understand people need money and py but i aksed one question. they said "no sorry you need to subscribed" so if u have no money no help for u.
Don't waist your money because you won't get a refund even if you cancel the next day. Their everyday therapy model is a "therapist" who only messages you once maybe twice a day. There is absolutely no possible way for therapy to work with a single message every 12-24 hours. $260 waisted...
You have to wait about 5 mins for any feedback after you've said something. It would take about a week of staring at your screen to have 1 session.
Not a good experience so far. It's been two weeks and I've gotten one video chat and as far as their "daily" help ... I've gotten one response, in two weeks. This is ridiculous and I do not recommend this form of "help" at all. I asked a question 6 days ago, and still haven't even been responded to by my therapist. Very poor service.
Not worth the time of day
If you have premera you do not have copay access to this service even though the providers will lie to you about it. This service redirected me from a slight misspelling of teladoc and proceeded to scam me out of hundreds of dollars knowing my copay service did not apply. Very underhanded and untrustworthy to take advantage of sick people in crisis. Hope you are ashamed.
Such an unfortunate experience... Setting up was not very clear but worked out. Only gave an option of 6 therapists & none that seemed to really be great fits for my situation but decided to give one a try. The therapist had technical issues confirming my live session and when we did chat I was given some suggestions that were not appropriate for my situation which I had already explained through messaging. Now I'm trying to cancel and having issues confirming my subscription actually canceled
I am extremely disappointed with this site!!!! EXTREMELY DECEPTIVE! Only provides counselors during normal bisiness hours, not when you actually need them. Please don't give them your card information with the expectation of being able to talk with some one right away
The therapist I was matched with want even remotely a good fit. No big deal - you can change therapists, right? Except that I requested the change three days ago and I've heard nothing. Nothing saying they're working on matching me with someone new, nothing from a new therapist. Nothing. I emailed customer support yesterday and was told I'd be credited back for the time I was without a therapist, but what's the point? They also ignored my preferences in the initial match.
This isn't real therapy.
Talkspace provides an excellent therapist connection platform ON THE WEB. This app simply does not work correctly. It randomly fails to send your message to your therapist, which is a HIPAA sec. rule violation IF the message is not encrypted, lands on a non-secure server or is viewed by an unintended party (via auditing an error log or server cache). I've repeatedly let them know that the app is broken for two months but they have yet to fix the bugs. If you're going to sign up for Talkspace, SKIP THE APP.
Genuinely hate companies that make it difficult to change or cancel recurring payments. During intake I made very clear what treatment I was looking for. I "matched" me with 3 therapists who seemed like they weren't going to be able to deliver the therapy I was looking for, but I thought I'd give them a try anyway. The therapist I chose immediately told me she had no experience working with the issue I had. Still have not been able to change or cancel.
Got charged roughly $150 to use Google. Horrible. Would not recommend this at all.
advice should be free. not paid for.
I used this service for less than two weeks. It was terrible. The therapist replied very slowly, and when I attempted to change my therapist I never heard back from customer support. My therapist stopped talking to me once I requested a change. I was granted a refund minus the week my therapist actually asked me questions but I am appalled this is being advertised as therapy. Just don't. Save your money please, this is a sham.
Talkspace just seems like a giant scam. We have been on the app for over a week and haven't even gotten any counseling at all. The counselor is stalling. It's very odd. Then we changed counselors and got ghosted. . I've submitted several tickets to customer support and I can't even see the tickets and no one's gotten back to me for days. They were really quick to sign us up and and take our money, but we got exactly no value from it and the entire thing's been extremely irritating.
This app is a scam, do not waste your money
For the monthly price of this app you could go see a real therapist once a week. A real therapist allows you to call and leave messages as well as email them along with a one hour long session a week. Why would anyone choose this app over seeing a real therapist?
I am updating my rating from two to one star. Frankly zero stars should be an option. I have been trying to connect to talkspace and use this service since late Sept 2020 and have yet to get any response, help or feedback. I've sent multiple messages with no response. In one message I specifically asked if I was doing something wrong since I hadn't received any feedback. I was and still am, really in need of mental health support. Complete waste of time and energy. Very disappointed.
Horrible responses from theopist
I don't like that they try to undermine you in order to get a sale.
Looking at all the reviews of people like me just reminds me I should've read the reviews BEFORE giving my credit card info. Once you pay for the first four weeks, your money is gone even if you don't get any service. Just beware you can only cancel the renewal, NOT the initial payment, even if you get no service. This cost me $160.00. I still am not sure the renewal of an increased amount won't be processed in four weeks. They're too busy due to Covid to respond. BEWARE. Also PRIVACY ISSUES.
I had an awful experience with this app. A HUGE waste of my time and money. I had to go through 3 or 4 therapists to even get someone who would respond in the first three days. Then, the therapist consistently missed the times we set up for the initial video session so I never even received any therapy in the whole month I had the service. And theres no clear way to contact the company to file a grievance/ get a refund.
Useless, go see a psychiatrist. If you have to pay pay for actual help
too expensive. how do i cancel? ive only been on it for a day.
1.The BASIC plan includes the ability to send unlimited text/audio/video messages.Also includes a 10 minute live session anytime within the first month so you can meet your therapist.-$128 a month (paid up front) 2.This PLUS plan includes Unlimited Messaging plus one 30 minute live video/audio session (app required) every month.-$172 a month (paid up front) 3.This LIVE-TALK plan includes Unlimited Messaging plus four 30 minute live audio/video sessions(app required) every month.-$276 a month (paid up front)
$200 a month.. hahaha I think not
Rather go see currant counselor at 20 a zvisit and use my insurance and deal with spikes at night than pay 100 dollars a month for something I will use randomly at best.
The app won't let me change providers and customer support still hasn't responded. Waste of money
$315 a month for one session (that's with a 'coupon'). They don't accept insurance so that's a little much for someone needing help. Seems predatory. Considering how poorly the app works, this seems like a scam.
The therapist never gave any real feedback or conversation. It was like and old cartoon of therapy but on a delay, I would spend forever writing up a long passage and the therapist would respond 6 hours later "and how does that make you feel" kind of answers, nothing more. I thought maybe she was just trying to get to know me but I kept it up everyday for weeks and still nothing personalized at all. when chose to try another therapist, I went in the next day and I still had the same one.
It's amazing that I can do a video session with a therapist but when it comes to customer service the only thing I can do his create a ticket for my issue and wait for them to get back to me. It has been 5 days and still no response to my question. There isn't even a customer service phone number to call. At least my therapist is great.
I didn't like it. The person I talked to didn't seem to really listen to what I was saying they were more interested in selling me a product then helping me.
My therapists didn't like me or want to help me. They never ever reply even if you really need it. It'll make you panic more. Don't bother.
this app is dumb because if its meant to help people in need why do they have to pay because there problem might be a money problem
While I adore my therapist and really regret cancelling my subscription, I'm writing this review to earn others about my experience with talkspace. Both the therapist and I have tried to contact customer support so I could simply be offered an intake evaluation. Despite several weeks and attempts, support never got back to me. I was in the process of trying to leave my current psychiatrist office because I wanted the flexibility, but at this rate the in person doctor will see me first.
Terrible. Expensive and not helpful. I told a therapist about the things I needed help with, then slowly over the course of a week I shared more and she told me the things I need help with. At no point did she offer any help with those things. No advice for coping. Just a VERY expensive and slow echo chamber.
I've had 4 therapists on the app now and they were all bad in some capacity. The biggest barrier is technology and time. Because it's mostly text based, they don't value or listen to you. I pay for 4 video sessions a week, but I'm lucky if my person will remember to come to 1 session. I've been forgotten on a few occasions now. What am I paying for? I can be disrespected and ignored for free elsewhere.
The app and website do not allow you to cancel your subscription. I had to have my credit company put a freeze on charges, because the help center has gone from an auto-reply saying that they're receiving unusually heavy traffic and will reply within seven days to one that has given up providing an ETA at all. The system didn't allow my therapist and I to connect for the video session we booked, but really... they won't let you cancel; I should not need to say more.
You cannot get ahold of anyone to close an account. My counselor kept changing the dates on me.
It was terrible
With average coverage, youre lucky to get one message a week from your therapist. "Lucky." Most messages consist of cut and paste advice from a therapists blog.
how could i change therapist here?
They charged my account $450 that I did not agree to! And they will not get back to me! Do not use this app!!!!
What a rip-off this "service" is. Avoid at all costs! Do not waste your money here. Seek therapy with a locally known professional who can truly help you. The people who created this app should be burned at the stakes!
Have been trying to cancel for months. Won't cancel.
The Therapists all seem like they dont care.  his is a genius scam. I wish i thought of it.
Unethical exploitation of people in need.
Therapists check the messages twice a day, if you're lucky. Made me second guess my choice to seek help.
Its so sad that so many people don't have friends that provide a support 
system. That's really all this site can provide for you, and they charge 
you through the nose for it.
Response times are very slow (> 1 day per message) and the responses I'm getting aren't helpful.
Hard to navigate. Knowledge base is not accurate
Worst customer support and worthless therapists. They will take a lot of your money and provide you with no service. The therapist didn't even properly introduced himself or even try to help. He just casually said he's busy and maybe in a month he can talk.
Horrible, how can you offer an app for people with mental conditions that's including the word help but make it super expensive? I can't find a therapist and if I could then I wouldn't be on Appstore looking for something to get through with. To top it off they make you fill it out and give you hope just so you can realize there's noone there actually willing to help you, it's just money. I really despise these kinds of apps. EDIT: Intellect is a wonderful app for these things, not this one
i saw alot of websites including this as one of their most recommended but after installing it, i cant seem to sign up. I even tried in the browser but it just keep on saying there's an error. I hppe you can fix this asap. I really want to know what your service could offer.
worst app ever. I wish it would let me give it 0 stars because that's what it deserves. the lady it matched me with did not reply, if someone in crisis was trying to use this to de-escalate their situation it would fail and make things worse because it feels like, yet again, a reach for help was ignored. DO NOT DOWNLOAD
I tried therapy even though I didnt believe in it. I finally opened up to the idea and poured my heart out and I havent even heard by from my therapist since Sunday. it's just about Friday now. I needed help now.
Makes you think it's free until you download it.
Recovery and mental health are only for the wealthy, online and off. Maybe someday something less expensive will come along. If you're low-income or on disability, this isn't the app for you sadly. I really wanted to like it.
I have opened up and waited 20mins to only get a response about payment plans. Computer generated message. How could I select this therapist when we haven't connected?
I tried to change therapists and no one got back to me twice. Why am I 
supposed to pay to have no one to speak to sucks save ur money
Can't book virtual visits and no support. Reached out for support as recommended and still no response from the company.
This company is terrible. They say they over therapeutic services, tout licensed therapists, but if you read the terms if service, they take zero responsibility that a normal therapist would. They even say they aren't meant for diagnosis. Don't believe me, read their terms of service. And the pricing fire weekly service it's misleading. Stay away.
I was told it was free IT'S NOT! There's no free help for anybody struggling with life.
terrible. way too much money. you get treated like garbage. spend your moneh elsewhere
It kept giving me numbers to call and wouldn't help me at all. I came here to feel better but it only made it worse!!
We got the service well three weeks ago the counselor pops in maybe once a day. There has been zero video sessions of which i pay a premium for and now the therapist is in training. I pay for two guranteed responses a week and have not heard from her since friday. It is wednesday now. My wife and i have made more progress on our own than with this "therapist"
So many reasons for a one star rating. Slow generic responses from therapists and overpriced support are the main two. Says it's anonymous but they get your name through the payment so it's really not anonymous either. Disappointed Michael Phelps is pushing such a product. Recommendations: Quicker responses, responses that prove that the "patients" msg is understood, work with insurance companies to allow copay options and require therapists to sign a contract for lengh of service instead of ghosting on their clients.
Freaking horrible horrible app, NONE of the therapists are good, I switched to like 5 different therapists, they all reply extremely slow, they only reply once a day. One of the therapists doesn't even believe that D.I.D. exists when it is in the DM 5. They are stealing my money and it is way too expensive for only getting one reply a day, all of the therapists lie about their availability time. One therapist didn't even reply to me at all.
If you're looking for a therapy app that adds more stress to you because of its bugs and errors, look no further. And forget about using their site in lieu of the app. Really, just forget Talkspace altogether.
Deceptive cancellation flow which requires a provider review to allow you to cancel. There's also no info on how your review info will be used.
Really? Just because I'm 14 I can't get help from this app? My mom can't afford actual counseling so I went online. However once I told them my age... "Oh sorry you have to be eighteen or older". It's so frustrating when younger teens are in need of help and can't get any because apparently people 18 years and older are more likely to have problems. No thanks and enjoy your 1 star. I'll go kill my self now.
Awful on too many levels to speak of. App and therapist were not remotely measuring up to something/someone that came off as qualified to help in any way. Vast waste of money and time.
Update: they finally refunded my money and apologized, so that's somewhat of a silver lining. This is the worst experience I've ever had with an app. I never leave reviews, but what this company is doing is borderline criminal. Reached out to customer support for at least three weeks and have only received automated email replies telling me someone would reach out. I spent $300 to stare at an empty chatroom. Ashamed I fell for this scam in my weakened mental state.
60 dollars a month us ridiculous
Read the terms and conditions. They collect your conversations to use as metadata and assume no responsibilty for the therapists nor guarantee the legitimacy of the therapists.
Gives you the same three options no matter what you do. No therapist diversity, minimal qualifications, and an aggressive price. Skip it. In response to the message from talkspace: after being so thoroughly disappointed with your service, why would I wish to spend my time helping you improve your business? If you wish to offer me a full refund, I'd be happy to give you suggestions on how to improve your services, but I get nothing out of spending my time rendering advice to a corporation I've already sworn off.
So many clients with the same reviews, and here's another. You think you're getting your money's worth but it's not what they make it seem. My initial therapist kept asking the same question over and over after I repeated and answered it. Switched therapists and never had a response in 48 hours even though they were working. Don't attempt to contact customer support, there's no support anywhere in this program. Such a disappointment that they've taken advantage of so many people seeking help.
Im sorry but there is no way in hell I would pay $396 a month for therapy.
You pay for the service and nobody reaches out to you horrible service
To be perfectly frank, I shouldn't have to sign up for an app and provide personal data to get basic questions about the service answered. I find it alarming that I have no way to verify that they accept my insurance, look at the qualifications and backgrounds of therapists, and am not guaranteed any security of my personal information. Completely unprofessional and starting from a place of betraying patient trust. I wouldn't touch this with a 10,000 ft pole.
U cant get help if u dnt subscribe or until ur in a life threatening situation... very bad...
No help at all
It's been over a month, no response from my counselor, it won't let me change providers, and the help desk was worthless.
If I could give this 0 stars I would. All they care for is money. They wanted $350 (I'm Canadian) for a month of the service and Iv never tried it before ever. I only have $100 to my name, they were recommended to me said they would be accommodating! I wanted a weeks worth of service to start but I would not of even been able to afford that had that even been an option! I'm completely appalled. I could pay for private therapy locally for $100 more then there asking for. Which I can not afford.
Naw
apparently if you dont answer a question they just cut you off.
Terribly abusive intake counselor! Deep shame on Michael Phelps for being their spokesperson. I have reached out to him to explain the nonsense from my matching agent. Parisa Riggoli is in need of mental health counseling. I only got in touch with her because a really kind woman was my actual "matching agent" and was unavailable when I sought to sign up. The new matching agent was cruel and abusive and it took talkspace an unacceptable time to reach out about the abuse I experienced.
Revise your pricing atleast by 40%
I cancelled my account not having issues.  Find out that this company will still bill you after you cancel.  Called and talked to more than 4 people all the company tells you is that they can send an urgent message to the billing department.  After 2 days and asking for a supervisor who answered..named kamisha.employee #3090.apparently supervisor is the highest people to talk to. There is no owner or no one and she has no way of contacting billing.  So when they take ur money you are screwed! Waiting still!
Trash they just want your money they dont wanna help 10 out of 10 wouldn't recommend
Terrible execution
Too expensive....
Over 500$ wasted. The app itself works pretty good but talkspace is a complete waste of money. My first therapist would never answer me so I had to message her multiple times so I switched therapist. My second one wasn't much better. I didnt get a follow up message from her for an entire month. I tried messaging them in the app multiple times which they are suppose to get back to you and they never did. They don't have a number to call or anyone to talk to about a refund.
not recommend as a substitute for in person therapy. you get one to two texts per day from your selected therapist. Its not enough.
The app isnt great and the service is pretty awful. Little to no response from anyone.
App is absolutely horrendous. Sometimes no notifications. Or you get notifications but  but no new message shows up in the app. Glitches and ghost messages carried over. True nightmare.
If I could give it a zero it would have been no stars. It's a waist of money the therapist are terrible. Just spend time physically going plus it's cheaper. This is the biggest scan ever.
False advertising for cost, cancel my subscription NOW
Promising but too bad it doesn't really work. Can't make weekly session which is the standard model. Have to wait until after a session is done to book the next. By then therapist schedule has changed...which causes inconsistency or missed weeks... Support doesn't respond to help. I understand busy but I have a ticket open for over a month nowm that isn't busy. That is inept. Buttons don't work. Twice now I've been charged for session but not able to book. Lots of kinks to work out...
I spent $800 on this app just to be told I should try exercise for depression. My therapist only sends brief responses that ignore most of what I tell her. She's supposed to be available 5 days a week but she's only on for 4. I'm supposed to get 3 1 hour video sessions and I only have 1/2 an hour left, despite not having used any so far. I wrote customer service three weeks ago asking how to proceed and haven't heard back, haven't heard from my therapist in 3 wks. Taking advantage of the ill. :(
cash grab
It wouldn't let me create an account. I have never used this app before so I know it wasn't my info.
They promised affordable and their cheapest plan is $196 a month I just don't see how that's affordable to anyone who doesn't have a somewhat high income. I understand that the therapist and everyone else needs to make money but when you promised affordable that's what It should be I'm just really disappointed and I do feel like there taking advantage of people for money
Can't install it on Samsung S7. I've downloaded it and multiple times and it never gets installed.
Downloads but will not install on my LG V10
What a joke. I pay $60 a month for therapy with my insurance. You want me to pay more than double and I only need a couple of appts? Not gonna happen.
Can't register with my email. Fix this issue. Oh yeah, you set me up with a counselor who is already overbooked when my email DID work. Not too impressed so far.
They take subscription fee for €135 without your confirmation from your visa card, after you have paused your subscription, saying in advance that aftrr a month of unsubscription it will automatically gets activated again.
This would be great if there wasn't an automated response for every contact. Its just another money grab for people in the medical field to milk out more money. More proof that they are in it for the money and not the clients health. Just another greedy bunch.
what a waste.
Less than 1
I submitted a question to customer support 11 days ago and have not gotten a response yet. I want to cancel my account, but there is no button to cancel or deactivate. This app is terrible. The texting feature is one of the major reasons I signed up for Talkspace, but I didn't feel like I was getting my money's worth since my therapist does not respond for 8-12 hours. When she does respond, she just says she has some ideas that could help me, but that she will share them during our next session, making me wait several days for any sort of lifeline! I need help now! I'm paying for this service! On another similar therapy app, I was able to message back and forth with my therapist and get instant feedback. As for the video chats, I would have preferred if my therapist would have been stationed in one place the whole time instead of walking around her house. It was a bit unprofessional and even when she was sitting down because she had a tv on somewhere in the house and she was moving the camera all around making me sea sick. To make matters worse, I had no way of knowing if anyone at her house could hear our conversation! She had a lot of experience as a therapist, but admitted that she was new to Talkspace and had not yet read all of the handbook and all the rules she was supposed to follow as a provider. When we got booted out of our video call three times, she suggested that we FaceTime. Again, not professional! Talkspace is a secure platform where mental health information can be shared. FaceTime is not! I'm going back to the other app I was using before. It was slightly more expensive, but wayyyy better!
Couldn't even get past the login. Kept crashing. Tried restarting my phone, and uninstalling and reinstalling. Didn't help. 😒
Absolutely Horrible experience, I signed up for the most expensive plan they had and paid $400 . Total waste of money. O may as well thrown it out the window. I was in process of moving and so I didn't immediately start my sessions, I was under the impression that my month I plaid for would begin after I spoke with someone for the first time.. NOPE not at all. Next thing I know they are already pulling another 400 out of my account after I never spoke with someone the previous month. Do do it!
For actual live counseling using this app it is more like 278 dollars a month not 32 a week. Too many reviews of the 32 dollar a week for the texting  are awful ...varies from staff not responding to responses being cut and paste that were Not individualized for the client or that the texts are only checked and replies to texts a couple of times a day.. going to a counselor live would be cheaper for me as I would get an entire hour and individualize therapy.
This was horrible!  I thought this would be amazing, I opened up and they declined me for not being eighteen. Really discourages me from getting help. Thank you for nothing.
They violated HIPPA a few years back. I'm amazed they're still in business. 
The app, at the time, was clunky, and it was made to seem (to me) that the 
therapists could share their clients info without any method for the client 
to verify that privacy was maintained. I also think that the managers could 
check in oon currents private spaces after handing them of to a dedicated 
therapist. The owners child certainly gran all kings of info from the chats.
This is fraud app and begged to the user to take bundle of money for the response of the therapist..... At least u have to know about person which was sucking struggling from conditions..... What is this? "pay first and then we can talk"......
This app does nothing but tell me oh you need to go see a doctor. I know that but i refuse to go. I don't like talking to people face to facw. Thought this was a therapy app to help so i wouldn't have to face people
I think it is ridiculous to have such an expensive app without a tralial session. How do you know it's for you? How do you know you're not just wasting your money? Just because they say so? Ridiculous
DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY. I went through 3 therapists in the first 5 days- first one English wasnt her first language, her grammar and understanding of what I was saying was all messed up. Second never even got started, never got a response over a 24 hr period of a normal business day in which she was scheduled as working. Third therapist was responsive, but I sent her a very long message about a distressing situation I was having, got "thanks for sharing" as my only response for 24 hrs.
I signed up yesterday only for my therapist to cancel our initial appointment bc they would be off work. Now I am unable to make an appointment through the app and my emails regarding my booking issue have gone unnoticed and unresponded to.. Being that there is no customer service number there is no way to ensure that my request is even being worked on. I feel like i just have talkspace my credit card information just for them to give me the run around. Do not get this app.
It's all texting & costs extra for video sessions. If I wanted to text someone for emotional help I'd message my bff. I want to talk face to face with a professional. Why does therapy costs so much?! (Traditional or otherwise) These people went to the same college & say in some of the same classes as me, & have the same amt of degrees, but get paid almost 5x per hr what I make as a public school teacher! I'll stick posting my problems on facebook for free. #SocialDistanceTherapy
I signed up with the package that comes with a 30 min video session and text. The therapists tells me to go to her schedule. She won't text. I have no idea how to navigate this app. She has no idea how. Support has not gotten back to me 2 days later. I find a web tutorial but when I follow it, am prompted to pay an additional fee for the video session. So I basically paid a lot of money to just look at the app and not use.
Its not free
I am disgusted with this app!!! Not helpful in the slightest and make sure you dont prepay for the cheaper rate because you will not get a refund. Their policy is that you can cancel anytime but you will still have access for the time you have already paid for. Lost over $1000 for absolutely nothing. I cant believe a therapy app would take advantage of already vulnerable people in this way.
These people wouldnt help me, suicidal teen asking for help, because Im still a teen and not 18. Screw these people, they dont care.
Provider couldn't figure out how to use camera and appeared upsidedown for our sessions. Also we had 4 sessions and only got to use 3 because our subscription expired. How is that ethical.
Total waste of time. All the replies were canned text replies. Seriously, nothing but copy/paste generalized replies that they probably sent back to everyone that day. There was no connection or even thought put into these interactions. I even tried a second therapist, hoping I just happened to get a dud the first time. Nope, second therapist was just as bad. Don't waste your time or money. Great concept but the therapists are just cashing in with no real interactions.
If you can afford this, then you can afford a real face to face option. They don't actually care, they're just in it for the money. Don't bother thanking me for my feedback. You didn't care then, why care now. Oh, yea. Because it benefits you.
nope way to much for an OK ish service
Awful!!  Asked personal questions, violated terms of service, difficult to get in touch with support. Very disappointed.
Too damn expensive
I've only subscribed for one month. It puts me on an auto pay subscription 
for 3 additional months without me knowing. It doesn't have a cancel 
feature, only a pause for 30days.
My therapist told me she'd check in twice a day...it's been over two weeks since I've heard from her...not impressed
No option to bill insurance.
Never responded the slowest app. Very misleading
Its not affordable for some younger people who need help.
Both the app and the website are frustratingly unnavigable to the point of making me even more depressed. I feel completely robbed. The price of the service is perfectly reasonable if the service worked. However, being thwarted at every turn, especially considering how hard self-advocacy is and that is exactly what is required for this app,  I'm frankly worse off now than before, but adding insult to injury, I was charged an exorbitant amount.
The counselor is awesome but everything else is a disappointment. I have 
been paying for the service for about 6 months now and I have issues with 
the app on a daily basis. I sometimes have to try and send a message or a 
picture about 20 times for it to go through. Sometimes it will tell me I 
have a message waiting for me and I go to check only to find out there's 
nothing there. I can not go back (to see what was said last month for 
example) through the messages any more . I have been in touch with customer 
services and yes some things get fixed but the messages not sending issue 
still there. I asked for some help with another issue and there wasn't much 
help or understanding which you would expect from a mental health site.
I am not receiving service and I want and expect a refund!!! It's only been 3 days!!
I got prescribed medication that can really hurt me with underlying conditions I told to the therapist.
This service does not accept insurance of any kind, and their most popular payment plans cost $156 USD monthly.
The consultant never came back after 12 hours I think they should be able to sign you up and reply lmao
I used this program for a month. In this amount of time, I felt slightly bullied by the therapist I was matched with. She made a lot of unfair assumptions about me based on my age and was condescending in the way she spoke to me. I didn't get the amount of replies I was paying for and she simply asked me questions. She did not even acknowledge when I answered a question about truly hurtful topics she was bringing up and simply kept recommending a free meditation app. I don't need to pay $150 a month for someone to tell me to use a meditation app. Honestly, I left this service feeling worse than when I started.
I haven't even got signed up before there's a bunch of bull. Your application gives you no way to make a correction. I have extremely bad rheumatoid arthritis and because I accidentally hit not allowed on my permission I had to finish typing manually. It is extremely painful to type. She must not have even read what I wrote because her response was completely inappropiate. Don't expect any help. At least from my experience I couldn't even get appropriate conversation to what I had said.
said this country is not allowed.  thats strange i thought this was for the USA. UNINSTALLING
I have used this app minimally with little sucess. Upon reading negative 
reviews; which are abundant. I think I am not alone. What disappoints me 
the most is the responses to negative reviews. They are all the same and 
are blatantly copy and paste. An app dealing with mental health should not 
beleive a generic basic response is efficient enough to satisfy people that 
pay for a service that isn't a funny video app. It is an app dealing with 
mental health and with the money people pay the interaction should reflect 
that. It should not be a generic response more in line with spotify. I hope 
others find success but if you find a good therapist/ psychiatrist then go 
with that. I will say I thought this could help because I am not good at 
face to face conversation. When I can write my own words I feel much more 
comfortable. It is a platform where I beleive my feelings are not hindered 
by judgement (not that my therapist was judgemental, but subconsciously it 
is never comfortable to express your shortcomings no matter the party 
listening)but unfortunately I dont belive this app really satisfies people 
who fit into that situation. I hope it works for some but for those who 
need good mental health assistance there are better online opportunities 
and better therapists/ psychiatrists out there.
The video says one price and after you download it, they said their prices increased! Don't waste your time! It's a scam!!
I LOVE my counselor but their website is an absolute NIGHTMARE. It constantly freezes as you are typing so we mostly have to write on something else then cut and paste on to the Talkspace page. You can't send photos, gifs or emojis anymore which I think is very important when talking with a therapist because you can express your mood or show a scene much better with a photo at times. Attachments should be allowed. Lastly, this freezing of your accounts really should stop. Out of letters now...
I found this just useless, I really need some help and there's no one I can possibly go to so I found this app yet they tell me it's for 18 and older.
They ask for your credit card and charge you prior to you speaking with any 
licensed therapist. They will also not give a refund after they charge. 
MAJOR SCAM. I'm also reporting to BBB.
Umcaring
If you force me into a chat you could actually reply.
It is not beneficial.
Always server time out. :(
I am having a rough time reaching anyone. I have been waiting for 5 days for my therapist's response and their customer service is slow. When I try following their directions to switch therapists, the website isn't as described.
it wont even let me register. it gives me some strange error every time I try to. please fix this. for now I am uninstalling
Worst therapy app available do not download, Super captialistic mentality with this app. If you want help it's $200. Why can't there just be an app that lets you talk to a therapist that actually wants to help and doesn't care about money.
they didn't even help me and Laura was rude
I have to wait hours and hours for responses and she didn't actually give me any helpful advice and just said we would talk about it next time. I tried to cancel but I want my money back so I can find someone that can actually help me. This was a waste of money and customer support won't even message me back, $65 a week is horrible for 10 texts between me and a woman who gives me advice and tips that the internet could.
The app continually messages me, saying that I have unread messages, however once I open it and check the chat with my assigned therapist, nothing is there. This has been happening for several days and has now even kicked me out of the support group I was in. If customer support can't resolve this then I essentially threw away a hundred odd dollars to download a faulty app and sit in a chat room by myself. For the money this is pathetic and infuriating; I'll be demanding a refund for my time lost regardless, and if it's not taken care of in a timely manner, begin actually dissuading anyone curious about using the app. Hell, at least with a real life therapist I at least know where I stand.
If I could rate at less than a star I would. I signed up 7 days ago and no contact has been made, repeat attempts to reset password fails. No one available to assist. Dont waste your time.
there was no reply to your answer from Leslie
Prices are very expensive. I was intially offered one price then after a few minutes of talking was offered another one that was much higher. They won't bill my insurance. And they we're very rude and pushy. So glad I didn't waste my money.
Anyone who is mentally ill will not be able to use this app because of the price most people that are mental are very poor if you do have the luxury of having a lot of money than this app is probably pretty good but I can't even check it out because I cannot afford this kind of payment
Bad
Not useful
HORRIBLE The therapist never replied, and only replied once to introduced herself. I was on the one week trial, but still useless.
Breaks down often
Okay so I saw this app on Huffington Post  and figure hey why not and wow what a disappointment!!!  I messaged like 5 times no reply and also it kept changing my messages to just hey?  Fix this!!! The design and Look of the apps really nice and easy to find but that one problem ruins it...
Feels like a waste of time and money. I was able to switch to a different therapist and still found it non useful. The therapist responds whenever they feel like for instance it took 5 hrs to get my 1st response, then another 5 for the second.
Not only is the promised process lacking - my therapist didn't use the chat feature - but the self serve subscription management interface is non functional. I had to contact engage in the following process for each account change : Step 1: Attempt self serve function via app and web. Step 2: Email CS and wait for reply. Step 3: CS tells me to use self serve. Step 4: Email CS with request for manual change. Very clunky and unprofessional. Would not recommend.
Tried to setup two different appointments and both times the counselor I chose never answered or confirmed my appointments. This is offered through my employer but is a complete waste of time.
Been 4 days with no actual responses. Voiced my concern about reviews posted. Assured this wasn't an issue. Hmm well it is! No responses no guidance. People could be in a lot of trouble by the time someone chimes in with a response. Buh bye.
Do I even need to say anything? Everyone else has already explained everything. This is awful. I get it, it's busy during these times. But this is almost inexcusable if you're still charging this service at a ridiculous price. I feel like I'm being used. A waste of $150+ just for my therapist to reply to my messages at a rate of four messages a month. I don't feel any better, actually. I feel worse.
The therapists are all good, but it is just another predatory company looking to take as much money as possible from you. If you fo to cancel your subscription you will be jerked around throu confusing menus that all try to hide the actual cancel button. They will offer a pause and hide that it's only for a few days then you will be charged. At that point you have to risk being charged the ridiculous sum just to see the cancel option that will once again root you through a confusing menu.
This was a complete waste of time and money. It's incredibly over priced, the interface is atrocious and my therapist canceled or rescheduled our one video call at least 3 times - one time it was a no call no show. If you need help, search for local therapists.
Unprofessional and anxiety-inducing is what this app is. I paid for both therapy and psychiatry and was quickly paired in the app with each practitioner. My therapist didn't seem to know how to use the app and booked our first live session for a day he was off. No biggie, I just asked that we follow-up the next day. He agrees but then again is nonresponsive. The psychiatrist was well educated and informative, but she was late to my 60 min session and then ended the consultation after 15 minutes.
I just want to say thanks to reading everyones comments that im not even going to try this out because it does not seem like the doctors really care about what you have to say and how you feel it just seems like its all about wanting money and im not for that so thak you to everyone for giving me the heads up on this
Poor experience with therapist and customer support
This system is not set up to actually help people in the way that therapy should. The providers are so overwhelmed with patients that they are not able to give thought-out answers or assistance. I attempted three separate therapists and all of them did not actually care enough to read the messages I was sending, only replying in copy and pasted short responses. I want this to be helpful, but I actually believe it to be harmful to people who actually need therapy.
Expect 1-2 short msgs/day. With the cheapest option they offer being $260/month that works out to $6-$13 PER MSG. But money aside, I just don't know how anyone is going to get any real therapy from reading a couple texts daily. Also, half the app is still 'coming soon.' Edit: I 100% agree with the other reviews.. Copy/pasted responses. Disappointing.
Waste of money; paid for couple therapy but can't even add the couple.
I think I'll get charged for it, but I signed up for a therapy apt. Tried to sign in and for 5 days, nonstop verification email pages, but I'm not receiving a single verification email. I still can't access it and pretty sure my therapist doesn't know I'm having issues. Freaking out because the cost of not being able to even show up scares me. I can't access my account at all. It has access to my card, and the fact I can't contact anyone immediately is not reassuring.
Really poor customer support. I was trying to request a change of provider in the app, and when I would select a provider, the app would not let me progress beyond the informed consent page. I looked high and low to see if there was a poorly placed button I was missing, but it just did not exist. I submitted a support ticket for this issue and have not gotten a response in over 2 days. Pretty awful experience especially for people looking for help with their mental health.
If you don't care about money, then this is the app for you. For the low low price of $65 per week (their cheapest plan) you get no video or IM chat and can expect one response per week. My very first message, I was informed that responses will take up to 5 business days which is the equivalent of a week. I don't know bout y'all, but $260 for 4 text messages is a little rich for my blood.
Unwilling to understand difficult mental situations. I was just released from a mental hospital and ready to work on myself. However when i was honest with the therapist i was immediatly told to find a crisis center even though i stated i wasnt in crisis.
I hate it! They said they'd hook me up, then said I had to pay! I'm not paying money! GEEZE!
Worst Therapy experiences I've ever had and yes, everyday now I've tried having to find a new provider after paying of course. Same message everytime "we cant help you in your Country" even though I select my country. I should've known this was only for Americans when they asked for money before showing the fact that they cant even help me in my country. Awesome so now I'm out almost $400 with no way of refund and still wanna kill myself. Thanks for literally the only thing worse than nothing!
There's apparently one therapist in all of Washington state
This is a confusing go-around-in-circles app. How appropriate for the subject. Don't download it. Now I'm getting spam calls trying to get my social security number. Thanks for that, a-holes
This app is as bad as everyone says it is, I joined through my insurance and was allowed a free 15 minute introduction and a free 60 minute session. The introduction was sooo unprofessional, the lady I matched with had dogs and people making noise in the background the whole time. And she canceled our FIRST session, and the app wouldn't let me reschedule it just canceled on me, voiding out my free 60 minute session and tried to charge me when it was supposed to be free. DONT USE THIS APP!
Awful therapists and customer service. Just awful and a waste money and time...
I downloaded TalkSpace for the convenience instead of waiting a 1-2 weeks for a face-to-face visit. I have never had to pay for my mental health services through my insurance and yet TalkSpace wanted to charge me and made it difficult to verify my insurance? No, thank you. I would not recommend downloading, unless you want to get swindled out of money you could use elsewhere.
I was looking forward to trying this app. Unfortunately after a month I have to say it's not worth the money. The person I was matched with didn't provide any insight and didn't ask the kind of questions that led to personal insight - when she asked questions at all. It felt like pulling teeth to get a response. The responses I got felt canned, no structure. 3 days ago I asked to be re-matched. They said they would do it that day. Still can't even get a response to an updated timeline.
A scam. I signed up and could never get hold of a therapist. Don't use.
Terrible customer service, they will double charge you and will not get back to you. Don't waste your time and money
For every click there's 30 seconds advert. I ended up forgetting why I downloaded the app in the first place, and am now deleting it.
Useless app! It doesnt take ur body temp...it can take the temp of ur phone and the room u r in but not ur body temp...its just a record book of ur temps
Gurbiege
Useless
virus...couldnt leave the app..had to shut phone off..
Fake
This is such a freakin waste of time
Hope less
Does not measure temperature at all. Re: Should have a proper name and description, misleading advertisement.
Doesn't take a temp
Thought it would take my temperature
It does not show how to check your body temperature.
Don't work
This App is a total waste of time do not waste your data downloading this app tried it as my Mrs has high temperature and feels really unwell wanted to take her temperature but this app is 100 per cent inaccurate and that is a fact please don't waste your time with this why don't the App Store check thease App's to see if they work before they put them up so many apps that don't work on App Store please start checking them first !!!!!!
Doesn't even open
This is just a Diary, it does not take your temperature ******misleading*******
Doesn't work it says normal thermometer says 102 bad apo
Its an advertising App. Its hardto understand where to look or what to do. My rating is minus 5. To post this i have to press one star and i dont like this way.
fake
Title should be temperature record. It can't be used for getting temp but can be used for tracking.
Doesnt actually take your body temprature.
I want the app to take my temp!!!
Too bad
Worst app
It sucks so much
Junk, you have to manually enter the data
WAY TO MANY ADS!!!!!
I thought it would detect my body temp but it wants me to guess
Does NOT take your temperature!!
Not what it says it is
This app does not give any instructions on how to manuver throught their software, just lots of commercials.
upsolotly ribbish
Yeah this app is a waste
Couldn't figure out how to take temp. Adds pop up after every click. Im also pretty sure the good reviews on here are false, look at them
100% fake apps dont install
Horrific waste of time.
Worst app ever ..it never opens only
Does not take your temp, only for recording.
Not working waste of time...
It's supposed to be a temperature reader right? So where is the part in the app to do just that? This is no more than a tracker..wasted my time with this damn app
Waste of time. Just like most of these temperature apps. Rediculous. Don't even waste your time . Will not work! Total BS!
Scam
Does not open waste of datA
This does not sense your temp via your phone, it's just a place to record y I ur temp from a real thermometer like a diary. With ads galore...
I had to uninstall it. Too many ads. And it's not digital. It doesn't make a sound or a beep while taking a temperature. And it doesn't show my face on the screen. And It should beep when taking my temperature but it doesn't make a temperature sound or a beep. This temperature app needs some big improvements before I'll use this temperature app again. I rather use my rectal thermometer instead because my rectal thermometer is accurate and alot easier than using an app just to take a temperature.
Shite app
Pretty useless app it seems. Doesn't measure body temperature as it has to be imported from a thermometer. Gives a reasonable room temp reading. There's surely better apps around.
Does not do anything you think it does. Waste of time.
This deceptive app does NOT check your temperature as the name and little picture icon implies it does. Reading through the positive reviews it is so clear the majority are written by bots or the developers who created fake accounts to write them. I wish I new how to report this app because inflating their reviews to make it seem good on the surface is an awful trick to fool consumers into thinking the product their downloading is well liked. Don't give them the add revenue!!!!
It doesn't even check your body temperature. Only room and phone!? Waste of time, you can only enter you body temp, not check it
Useless and stupid app
Misleading. DOES NOT read your body temperature!!
Worst
You need to type/enter body temperature to track it, this app does not measure your temperature.
Didn't do anything
I cant even open the app to use it. It crashes each and everytime.
Fake app doesn't work
It didn't work
Stupid app. I thought that the app would take the body temperature. What is the purpose of this app if I have to take my temperature with a thermometer and then enter that information into the app?
Horrible app!
Tak boleh pun
Poor
Doesn't take your temperature
Cheaters
This App could be amazing and extremely useful, But When the ads you have to watch Philip 60% of your time on the app it's not worth it.
no good
Doesn't work
Too many ads
Did absolutely nothing. No way of measuring temperature. Whats the point. It opens the same standard window.
soma kak d adds is orals fok j mors jo data op d kak
Useless...
Never works
Simply doesn't start
I will be uninstalling. The same exact readings every day for pulse, room temp and body temp without even a bit of a difference? Don't think so. There are also entirely too many ads.
This doesn't take your temperature. Misleading. Too many ads.
Time waste app, please don't install
Not the greatest, sorry▪ Misleading information, Thankyou
Is so dificult to use, doesnt work
Poor app
Does not measure body temp
This app doesnt do anything!!!!
ఏ బాడీ కీన ఒకటే పెరసంటేజ్ చూపిస్తుంది
F A K E
This app sucks
Does not work. It is telling me my room is 84 degrees f when my temperature is set at 68 and my room is freezing. Also my temp it says is 98.6 without looking at the phone or touching a sensor. This app is a waste.
Zero stars waste app
Could Not find a way to use to get my current temperature to see and use...it just tracks info you put in but Loaded with ADDs!!
It is a billboard more than beign an app
It doesn't check body temperature.you can only write down your temperature.so i don't rating it.
This is only a place to record your temperature, it does not take your temperature.
BS reviews does not work at all
Too bad there isn't a zero star!
100% useless, noneless
Bilkul galat he sab ....matlab k jo kuch bhi kaha gya hai jhoot kha gya hai.....ye to open hi nahi hoti.......koi bhi is ko download karne k chakkar mein apna Wi-Fi ya Data waste na kare..... plz.......mein ne ye wese hi nahi likha mein ne try kya hai....aur mein ne ye comment is lye kya hai taake ap log bhi meri tarhan hyper na hon.......Thank.....you.....................
Did Not work
Bad
Terrible. Does nothing it says
Sucks.... doesn't take temp
Too many ads huge waste of time
Too many adds
bhangar,scrab
Terrible app
Dose not explain not nothing
This is fake app. Play store please block this app.
Super and good app
It doesn't work
Very bad app
Fake app
Ads is every screen... I think fake app
Doesn't take temperature, just diary
You can't actually take your temperature . Is only for adding temperature and sometimes it blocks on your screen
Garbage.
Too many adds. Never did get my temperature.
Hopeless...no place for measuring body temperature
Dont waste your time
Adds are so boring....
Waste of time
Horrible App! crappware! If you like seeing ads on every tap, you'll love this app.. otherwise, it really has no functionality other that monetizing the developer from adware! Report this app!
Whatever
NEVER EVER DOWNLOAD THIS. WHEN YOU OPEN THIS APP IT NEVER CLOSES. IT HAS NO USE AT ALL. This guys saying this app is useful is completely SCAM. READ THEM, WHY SAME REVIEWS???
Bad
It doesn't measure body temperature
Garbage, doesn't even launch.
Waste of time
Sucks, no instructions and no actual test button, readings inaccurate
There's no instructions. No way to even take temp Co.plete be
Lie. Doesn't check your temp in anyway!
Does not measure body temp. Just keeps a log of temperatures you put into the app
Does not take your temperature
Hahahaha useless
This just keeps a record of your temp.
Can't read the numbers as very small
I dislike this app. This is not useful.
Scam
Its Fake haha.
This app is does not scan but it can keep track of your temperature daily, but still it does not take body temperature and that is purpose i downloaded this app
Trash.
I am so completely disappointed in the change of ratings for this app. Your 
not telling truth about the products now. Some were 9&10's and now have 
much lower ratings or non at all. I can no longer in good concience use 
this app or recommend it to anyone at all.
Information is inaccurate and not substantiated by chemistry/toxicity standards. Nor can it be without chemical levels
Super slow with 5g wifi... no thanks
it wouldn't scan anything. I really wish it would because all the other apps suck and have like no databases built up
i've tried to sign up several times, but it will not work.
worst app ever not even a minute into using it says it has an error needs to shut down
Scanned all the products in my bathroom 99% of the products was not listed. Oh....and it does not take 2seconds to upload a new product. Took forever so I gave up and are moving on with my life now.
Scanned 5 items, only recognize​d one
too little brands and just "fragrance" gives a red number to the products, which is misleading
Tried installing 2nd time now after 6 months and still the same issue. Functionality is not good as I'm unable to scroll down in the app. products are expensive/commercial. If a product has 1 ingredient rated with e.g.7 or 8, whole product gets that same score. Kind of lame
My Gluten, soy, dairy, nut free childrens shampoo, that DONATES TO CHARITY WHEN YOU BUY A BOTTLE, is listed as bad. Because it has a fragrance. But 15 other PERFECT MARKS.... used you for 5 minutes, that's ridiculous.
Won't allow log in. Not so sure, but getting spammed.
The worst database of products. I've scanned 10 common food products and nothing.
Can't log in despite receiving emails that I created an account. Scanner NEVER works.
Shame about the range. I might try later is Australia is ever included
Useless if NONE of my products are listed
Such a shame! An amazing concept, and I wish it actually worked or was at least up to date or active or something.
I didn't want to believe you were bought out because I really loved this 
app. Then, I started to see the changes made. Things that were 9-10 on the 
scale are now 2-3? Not to mention, fragrance automatically made items a 
nine on the scale. All of the sudden, all these mainstream brands don't 
list "fragrance" in the list of ingredients anymore. Yeah, not ok. They 
still have fragrance in them. You just edited that out in the app to make 
the products look more trustworthy. Not putting up with deception. Deleting 
the app.
Well this app used to be AMAZING until they sold out to P&G. Way to go 
guys. They are no longer listing fragrance as a carcinogen. Most of P&Gs 
products which are the dirtiest now have a rating of NR(no rating) as 
opposed to a 9. Deleting this app NOW.
Doesn't have most of what I scan in its data base
It didn't work in my phone
Only recognised 2 products. Database very lacking
I can't even download it but it sounded like I would really have liked it if it worked.
As a hair care professional I think this is an incredibly misleading app. The "information" is nothing more than pseudoscience and fear mongering. The majority of products are only labelled "unclean" due to added fragrance. This is not a problem in the products that companies will pay them to sell though. Don't waste your time, speak to a professional.
Doesn't work
Couldn't figure out how to use it.  Tried scanning multiple items in my bathroom very common items lotions, deodorants, body wash etc and the scanner would appear to be working and then just disappear and never said anything about the product it didn't say not found or anything at all.  I even used the search tool to try searching for items by name, again it did nothing.
Wld scan and they would have zero products used everyday.
It didn't work for me.
I tried scanning - it does not recognise ANY products in my bathroom. I tried searching manually - doesn't have the products that I want to check (and they were popular brands like Pixi, Ordinary and such). I tried adding products - takes ages, scanning does not work and it doesn't submit. But the link to Amazon to buy new products magically works? Like seriously? I want to like this app, but it's just really bad. You have a lot to fix.
Did not recognise any product I scanned (UK bathroom) try Yuka instead, it recognised them all!!
I've scanned six products and not one was listed so not useful for me.
If there's any fragrance in a product at all, it automatically gets scored as "dirty" when it finally shows up at all. So all organic and natural products are treated as being as "dirty" as the name brand equivalent that's loaded with carcinogens. It's a great idea, but poorly executed, because every product requires "manual vetting" before essential oil fragrances are removed from the bad score that artificial fragrances get... And of course, expensive sponsored products get that special attention first, it looks like, because the app wants you to order from an affiliated website to support it. Maybe I'll try it out again in a few years when the database has grown. Until then, it's a waste of my time.
I'm getting ads popping up even when I am not using the app. Pop apps on my 
home screen, not in the app
This app used to be really good at listing toxic ingredients, but now it 
looks like they are lowering their standards. Too bad. It was really great 
for eliminating toxins from the home. Now it's helping to hide them.
This app will not let you sing up! I have tried it 10 times. No go🙁
literally failed to scan every single product i have... manual input failed too. maybe my brands (from boots) are too niche?
It doesn't have any well known products.  It simply reviews their choice of products. Waste
I jjust downloaded this app and scan like eight items in my bathroom none of them showed up on the app as recognizable items they are very common ,so I'm not impressed. Will uninstall app now
This app never works. It will suggest products to me, and the link the webpage will always be broken. Creating an account on the app is impossible, and I still haven't received anything from customer support saying they would help. And I am pretty sure this app is just spying on housewives to make money from marketing. Just pointless. I really wish this app worked.
Keeps stopping all the time - doesn't work
None of my products are listed and it crashes when submitting a product. Looking at all the other reviews this is an ongoing problem that no one seems to be paying attention to. Uninstalling.
Great idea so there's your 1 star, however read their DISCLAIMER; they receive "compensation" from the product companies... I've scanned multiple items, most of them popular well- known product lines & consistently receive an "unknown" result, which cannot possibly be true. You can upload your own images of labels, ingredient lists, etc... which is a great addition yet why are these well known popular brands not listed? Maybe Think Dirty is "compensated" to NOT disclose? Just sayin'...
Almost everything on their database, including products from my business, are extremely outdated. This app is useless unless it has all items on database.
Can't even log in. I enter my information and it sends me to enter 
username/password screen but it says they are invalid. And when I used the 
Try Out option, I searched 4 products, only 1 was in the database. Great 
idea, just not done well.
Aucun de mes produits ( pourtant une cinquantaine ) non étaient reconnu même les plus simples
From what I understand the app has been sold to a big brand company. The products that are now on the app & being promoted have ingredients that not considered clean. This is the total opposite of why i initially got app. I'm deleting it. Not impressed. Money talks.
I dislike the app a lot very petty and even if something is objectively " dirty " it's up to the consumer whether the product is good for them or not and you shouldn't take this apps advice as true one of the best products for my hair on this app is considered "dirty" might be helpful for you but curly this app made me spend more money than I needed to I had a cheap routine before I used this app which made me think that I had to use expensive products for my hair and life to be "clean"
This used to be a great app to help you choose products. Then suddenly, 
most items you scan are either not rated at all or suddenly are showing low 
toxicity on products that scanned a 9 or 10 just weeks ago. Suddenly the 
4000+ chemicals in fragrance are clean??? Who bought this app out? Proctor 
and Gamble?
Looks interesting, but after signing up, it would not let me sign-in (could not use it).
PLU not found for every product
This app has none of the products I scanned in
no products in the database - useless app
Unless app you have to add popular products no good
Cant turn off notifications
Horrible pseudoscience pushing nonsense. Fear mongering in order to get you to purchase their sponsors' alternatives.
The search function comes up with no results for anything I search including broad topics like "hand soap".  Several big brands are not listed, including Method.
Naff!! Doesn't have anything registered especially products in the UK
Hit or miss with product information but more annoying is that I've unsubscribed from notifications yet they keep coming through.
Worked fine when i first downloaded it notw it wont pull up anything! I 
search and scan and get nothing....
Why do you always have to pay for information?
constantly coming on, popping up, would prefer to request frequency of notifications and not have to turn the app off constantly
They don't do real research of the products. If it has fragrance, they just lable it as 8. But they don't read the whole thing or talk with the company. For ex., if it says natural organic fragrance they would just put 8 anyways. They don't even read all the information. Plus, I think it is sexist. All the categories are things such as make-up, laundry, hair products, household products, and THEN, there is a category for men among all of them. As if all of the other things were just for women.
What's the point of a submission option if 6 months later it's still not in the database. Not many Australian products either. More worried about selling you products than the users.
I always try to scan something and it never works. I've tried it on so many products and it never seem to work.
Most of the items I scanned weren't even in the database. I don't have time to add to the database. Isn't that someone else's job?  Definitely uninstalling it for a 2nd time.
Poor
while good I have selected no notifications and they blow my phone up with notification which is super irritating.
Basic items I scanned were not recognized... I scanned several things and it didn't find any of them.
It would be nice if the app would actually load. Severalof us tried and it stops at 23%. Not very helpful or useful
The Idea is great. Seems to be unaware of European products though, tried on more than 20 different brands. Hope it will change soon
Yep, useless. Scanned Dove shampoo and nothing. I mean, how uncommon is Dove that it's not already in the database. Waste of time. Uninstalled.
Doesn't work
Either the products in my home are so awesome they don't bother to rate them OR their app failed to recognize six different brands and products.
Doesn't have most of the items I own, or my bosses for that matter 
(including popular cosmetics purchased from drugstores) Would be nice to 
include items purchased from direct sellers for future updates. Uninstalled 
from phone. Would give zero stars if possible.
No longer recommended! It's been bought out by Proctor & Gamble... They've deleted many products and ingredient warnings so that what is left appears less harmful than before. Run! Find another app; do NOT trust this one any more!
Terrible rating system that is fear inducing to sell their products. Looks like any bad ingredient gets a 6 or worse (theirs has 10 being terrible) why have 1-5 if nothing will trigger it?
None of the products in my bathroom or home show up in the app. I live in the United States and use extremely common products that can be found at any major retailer so there should not be such a lack of information on said aformentioned items in the database. The app itself is also way too sluggish to use :(
It would be a nice concept if it actually worked properly. Almost no products are registered and it doesn't provide enough info. Deleted.
I like the concept of what this app offers, having a database of product ingredients at my fingertips would be so awesome. That being said, the app is beyond glitchy. When it sends you notifications about new products, it doesn't load the page when you click the tab for more info. None of the notifications load. Also, the links to the products' shopping websites are often wrong or broken. If it worked, I'd give it five stars. But as it is, it's just one star for a good concept.
Fear Mongering Trash. All fragrance is not toxic and dirty, some people are just sensitive to it. Celebrates product transparency but who is deciding what is dangerous and safe here? Do they even have a degree?
Did not work. Barcode scanner didn't work. Keyword worked occasionally. But list would immediately disappear if it loaded.
Sends ads as notifications even when you have your preferences set to "off."
for some reason I can not scroll down the list of products. it is frustrating.
Useless!! "Product not found" is all it can this app. Don't bother!
Won't Allow Login. Even though I signed up and double checked user name and password, it won't let me log in saying password is incorrect. VERY FRUSTRATING.
Barcode scan doesn't work on anything. tried searching several common products with no results. I will not sign in to view information. Ridiculous. I download the app it should be available without you having my personal info. Deleted.
I have not found a single product I use within the app. Even really main 
stream items and brands so completely useless.
Soo they sold out to P&G and all of a sudden harmful chemicals became safe! 
Magic! Very biased app now owned by Satan. Will stop using.
How can I trust the content when the app itself continuously glitches and gives error messages? I think I saw more errors than actual products. Pass.
The App recognised 1 out of 17 items scanned across food, cosmetic and cleaning products
Great idea but app doesnt scan most of products, it just goes back to home page...major beauty products are not available for reviews
Notifications do not stay turned off!
It wouldnt recognise any of the products.
Worst app , it's not working
doesn't know many products..unconvinced
Limited to certain brands....disappointing app.
Really bad app and seemed to refuse to uninstall. Felt dodgy to me .
They sold out and now are not rating products properly. It is not listing 
all the harsh ingredients anymore. Don't waste your time!!
Clearly a conflict of interest when one of the prime offending product 
manufacturers (P&G) owns the app and is manipulating the content. It used 
to be good before they were bought out. Truth hurts their sales.
I'm creating an account with my email and it keeps telling me email already taken!
Sucks!!! upset i waisted my time. I scan and search products, and nothing 
can be found. I did random search conditioner screen just stays blank. over 
this.
Its terrible you need to write all the ingredients of the prouduct, its VERRY SLOW, you need to take pictures and its overall a horible app. Use whatever is best for YOUR hair and skin and dont let an app tell you whats good or whats bad for YOUR body, because only you will truly know that 😊✌
This was a great app to know if products were safe for a toxic free home. 
Now it is LYING to us. Do not use!
Unable to login/create an account. When using the trial the screen will randomly stop letting you scroll down (probably because they want you to sign in...). Looks like it could be a useful tool when trying to make informed decisions but definitely needs work...
I can't sign up and the app doesn't show me why. I fill the form, click done and nothing happens. It doesn't show any errors or specify where the problem is. There is no possibility to register with the existing Facebook or Google accounts or using their website which makes this app useless.
Useless
Tried to sign in. My login is constantly 'invalid' with no instructions how should be constructed. Unable to enter, after a couple of times i am uninnstalling
This app is misleading. There is little to know scientific justification for their rating system. Honestly never seen anything so blatantly biased towards brands that pay to feature. Do not use.
Useless ...what sort of products you have in your database?? Not many, I suppose :/
Does not have any of my products and won't  scan... activates before you can position the camera
I tried uploading products, but its such a painful process. Taking pictures for auto recognizing text doesn't work (lot of typos and places sentences out of order!) So i have to do it manually; there are waay to many options to select from in "product type" so you are scrolling indefinitely until you find what you are looking for; and then it rejects your pictures without telling you why. If you are lucky, you can finally submit only for the app to crash. Not worth it.
Everything seems to be an 8.
Spams you with notifications. Great idea of an app, but the 10 notifications a day are spammy and annoying. Uninstalled
This app had nothing I scanned. Very disappointing.
It says I can't connect to the Internet when my Internet is working just 
fine. And I type in a beauty product on the search bar and nothing pops up. 
This app used to be good. Wth happened.
This app is outdated, misleading and biased. I would not recommend it to anyone
Won't let you try first! Won't let you register! Junk! !
This app was great at first. But I noticed that things I have scanned 
before we're not popping up. Just found out that Procter & Gamble bought 
this app and took off their toxic products
Couldn't find anything what I was looking for, any of my cosmetics are on that app, uninstalled!!!
One of the worst apps I've used. Contains no products from my bathroom at all, not even the biggest most famous brand names. The scanning process is buggy and time-consuming, and also pointless, because they never add them. They care more about promoting products.
Doesn't even work, will not scan or search
One of the worst apps EVER
A lot of unverified info that contributes to their ratings of products. Found some they even just got completely wrong and I made a stupid purchase based on bad info. Great concept, poor execution.
Bought by Proctor & Gamble and they artificially lowered the scores on 
their products like Tide. This app is no longer reliable.
Scanning doesnt work most of the time. 90% of the products are not in this app. U cant search for individual component to know the harmful level alone
Used to be a great app until you sold out. Tide isnt listed?? How can tide 
not be found?? At one time it was a great app.
Useless for indian users. Scanned 5 very popular products only to know that they weren't in their database. After trying to enter 2 products and being stuck at loading and failing, even after tiringly typing the ingredients list. Nah.
Scanner doesn't work
I am not a chemists but  i don't believe that 97% aloe vera product can be ranked 9 just because it contains perfume.
So far what I have looked up has used correct information and manipulated it to their advantage. Some 'toxic' chemicals have only been proven toxic in a different state and higher does. Like if its inhaled (so in a gaseous state) at 200 times the level in the product. liquid and gaseous oxygen can kill you yet we need it in its gaseous state to survive. I can't stand manipulation of information to trick people into a belief
Scanned some items, couldn't find any of them, uninstalled
Product not found, spent an eternity writing a long list of those complicated ingredients, when i submitted, the app closed, i opened it again and everything is lost, wth
Could not scan product or submit photo.
UI absolutely sucks. Every time I type a character, it shows me products for about a  second then displays a busy icon.
This app is a joke and as far as I'm concerned has caused mass confusion about products. This app has no solid proof and needs to be taken down. As far as Think Dirty Inc. You guys are a joke of a company making a living off of people's fears If I could if give this app a permanent shutdown.
too many adds.
The app changed. Certain products changed or lost their rating. Very 
disappointed.
First 5 known products not in database. Each search shows error something went wrong try again later.
This app is very limited. Literally everything I scan is not in their database. I'm not sure if the research takes too long to do or what. Great idea in theory I just wish more products were in the system.
Noooo product works. Even the biggest name brands ? Pretty useless if this is the case.
Used to work fine, but in the last couple of weeks I get "Webpage not Available" error on the daily suggestions I get from you! What is the point of suggesting new products or your "top rated" products if I can't open the link to view them?
Out of 10 products that I scanned 0 were recognised... and these were not niche articles... Completely useless.
Sucks. Everything I tried to scan was not in their data base... And they were all common brand names
Does not work.
Poor execution... Nothing that I scanned was in the database. Perhaps it's a regional thing? I'm in the UK
Doesn't recognise any of the products in use ,even Vaseline
Unless you have a complete comprehensive ingredient list set up already in this app you will find you have to manually put your products into this program. For me personally, I do not have the time. It's a NO from me.
Unscientific ad machine for production ts that pay
tried signing up with 2 emails, cant sign in. password reset will not work. won't even consider signing in with facebook bc that's ridiculous.
This app is not accurate
Worst app. Always OOPS it says.
I went to Target and 1 out of like 10 items were listed. The first one I tried to add to their database and was rewarded with a stupid play advertisement.  Deleting app!
Didn't have any of the products I scanned
Nothing i scanned was recognised... brilliant idea if it works'..
Didn't have any of the products I use in the database, and the app just 
froze when I tried to add them in. Horrible! I uninstalled immediately!
when you scan or search for lots of items it doesnt have them at all it has only a very small selection of certain items for certain skincare brands
I want to love this app. I want what this app is offering. Unfortunately it simply doesn't work. It routinely fails to load (like 99% of the time) and crashes regularly. Such an amazing idea, beautifully designed even, but if it doesn't function, what good is it to anyone?
I have heard really awesome things about this app, but it won't let me create an account. I put in all my information and hit the done button and nothing happens. I did that multiple times with the same result. I tried scanning without signing up, it didn't have my product in the database, which is fine, but it wouldn't allow me to add it either. I followed the prompts, hit done, it showed "loading" and then nothing happened. I hope it can get fixed and I hope I can remember to check it out again in the future...
Only one product in our house scanned. Uploading new products just didn't work
Tried it. Didn't like it. Uninstalled it.
tried multiple times to download. took forever
YOU COULDN'T HAVE CHOSEN ANY OTHER NAME
Doesn't scan barcodes. Won't let me search for items. I couldn't find any of my products in the app.
Wouldn't perform a search or scan. App wouldn't function at all for me.
None of the products i used are listed
Awful! This is just for advertising their products. Pretty much everything I scan is not on there. And it sends constant ads to my phone. Wish I could give it zero stars.
Didn't have most the products I owned. When I put them in manually it made me have to do it again after hours of typing.
Doesn't have anything in the database.
Great idea, but it wouldn't allow me to create an account. Nor "try it first".
I love the idea. Not one of my products was listed though
When I first heard about this app, I was really excited to try it out. But, 
as i downloaded the app and tried to sign in with my account, it wouldn't 
let me in, no matter how many times I pressed done. Then when I tried 
logging in with my username and password I created, trying to sign in, when 
I tried using it for the log in it stated that my username and pass was 
invalid. I don't know what to do. And i also forgot, I had to reset my 
password. This app needs to get it together, as of now. I'm not going to 
waste my time on an app that won't let me sign in.
It always crashed when I open the app, I'll change star if you fix it.
Scanned five different products, none of which were recognised. Waste of time.
Literally every product I have scanned so far has come up not found
Has rejected every which way i have attempted to create a log in. Disgusted and i was so excited about using this app since it was mentioned on GMA on 2/7/19!!!
I can't use the app because it tells me to update and I go to update and there's nowhere on the app to update. Fix this please so I can use the app. Thank you
I think it's a misleading app. For example, if you have a product that has 10 ingredients rated with green(clean) and fragrance, the product will be red, receiving 8 out of 10, which is really bad, because of the fragrance. And many other similar examples.
I probably scanned about 30 different main stream products (dove, nivea, carex etc) and the only two in the database were e45 and sudocrem which were 'really dirty' because they had parfum. Has potential but there's a disclaimer at the bottom of the saying the actual ingredients hadn't been vetted yet.
I tried 6 times to create an account. It appeared to succeed each time but would not login. Password reset option said I didn't have an account. Uninstalled
The app won't even accept the code to let me log in so it's completely useless for me
Thr only thing this app will tell you, is what you want to vh Several items changed based off the size although the ingredients did not. Go do your own research and develope your own opinion, do not let an app think for you.
Never finds anything I scan. Just says "oopsie". Just seem useful if you live in America. All the products suggested are found there and with shipping fees and added fees on imported goods it's way to expensive for anything it suggests where I live. Plus the carbon footprint for buying everything from that far away is just unthinkable. I don't have time to add every single product I own. If you want a quick answer I would suggest going to skincharisma instead. Good attempt though.
keep a saying invalid username and password which I know is untrue and then when trying to reset says error sensing password reset to my email. A waste of time.
Very difficult to catch the barcode on any curvy bottle. Also, has hundreds of products unlisted which doesn't help anyone.
I use very common products but I have not found a single one of them on this app. The app is also very slow. So slow in fact that I would rather continue to read the ingredient list myself. Very frustrating.
its a good app, but whenever i try to upload a product it crashes literally every time i put even the slightest pressure on the screen while writing the ingredient list or description, which makes it practically impossible to add a new product :
Decided to try it out - every product I scanned from my purse was missing from the database. Great concept - poorly executed.
Nothing in the database. Useless
EPIC FAILED
There is a big world outside the USA.  Shame this app dev team don't know that.   Nothing scans...
Too many products are not in your database. I'm adding products all the time. Yes, it only takes two minutes but it adds up!
doesn't have key brands that are "clean" so this app is useless to me as I am building the database suggesting all the products I use. not everyone wants a completely natural product and counting retinol as a high risk factor ingredient shouldn't be so. retinol is a wonderful anti ageing ingredient if used correctly. this app makes people misinterpret ingredients as "bad". uninstalling app, having worked with 170 skincare, makeup, suncare, perfume brands I'll stick to what I know
This app does not show results for more than half the products I use on a 
daily basis..good concept very poor execution. Deleting this useless app.
Couldn't get it to even stay on the search results page, it keeps resetting.
Amazon affiliate claiming to care about consumers by rating products on the chemicals they contain but will easily direct you to buy "bad" or "dirty" rated products just the same as "good" or "clean" products for which they get paid a percentage from Amazon for each click to buy. Read it in the terms and conditions, it states all the good stuff. Think Dirty is the perfect name!
Scans products, but nothing seems to be found in the database. Bummer. Even tried products that other have scanned and found, still no luck.
Really P.O.S
Tried this app again. But its useless because you cant sort or filter your results. It also offers no way to turn off push notifications in the app. There are checkboxes that I've disabled but i still get the notifications. If i have to go into my phone's system settings to block YOUR app, its not a credible enough app for me to put on my phone.
This app used to be unbiased... until it was bought out. I loved this app 
and recommended often. I will no longer use this app and will make others 
aware that it's highly biased.
Doesnt have alot if things on the app and the scan barcode doesnt work
Very complicated and not user friendly. Too many steps to find out about product. Too many ads. I deleted it.
Missing popular household items like Dawn dish soap and Pantene.  Needs to be updated.
Think Dirty was bought out by Johnson & Johnson. I don't trust that company or their products. I deleted the app.
No products at all
Signed up then couldn't sign in. Started the process over s few times and 
couldn't figure out what was wrong so deleted ap
no! seems like burts bees just want people to buy their stuff. when ive had many problems with their products, especially their lipsticks. i do research on everything i use because im sensitive to everything. just lies.
For the love of God stop searching before I finish typing!
Unnecessarily scaring gullible parents into buying products that aren't any 
safer or better than their counterparts. The entire app is a scam. Johnson 
and Johnson is not going to give you cancer. People need to make informed 
choices based on scientific facts, not made up opinions.
The app has been bought out by P&G which has resulted in companies buying better ratings. Products previously rated high are all of a sudden low although the ingredient list hasn't changed at all. DON'T TRUST IT!
Scanned 5 products, none were found. App wants pictures of products and 
information. Feel like they are trying to build their data base with the 
work of subscribers.
What's the point if NOTHING in your database? Scan tonnes of product, came nothing. Useless.
Crashes before I can even use it. As soon as I load the app it crashes.
Does not know any of the products... doesn't except it when I summit a new code... needs A Lot of work still
Hardly has any products. Anything I researched, nothing came up. And they are making money off recommending other products, not cool. I prefer CosDNA or Skin Charisma.
Non exsistant database of products, of the 50 or so items i tried around my house it managed only 1 match.
is not letting me log in or sign up.
Tried to use the app. Besides having nothing apparently in the database, I scanned something that is universal and it crashed and closed the app. Probably works better for iPhone cause I have friends who love the app.
This app doesnt have all of the products i use. Im going to delete it. 
Would not recommend. I used a lot of big name products too like crest, 
dial, snuggle. Such an inconvenience
This company has lost all credibility and there are MANY who now believe 
that corporate dollars/influence has infiltrated its rating system. Ratings 
on products have changed across the board and Think Dirty now sells 
products. After being a long time user, I've just uninstalled this app.
Doesn't work
Doesn't register ANY of the products I use. (based in UK) Nice concept, will look into it in the future perhaps.
Iss app ko agr bollywood celebrities ki trh dekho to ye Kangana ranaut and Payal Rohatgi h , because this app only promote some products (maybe those companies give this app revenues) other than if you search for even a product of higher ends that costs 50 U.S $ for 100ml this product rate it 8(toxic).
Love the idea of the app but i can't even uss it everytime i go to click a product it says oops something went wrong, I've tried restarting my phone and uninstalling and reinstalling and nothing. Disappointed
Doesn't even have dr.bronners the cleanest soap on the market.
Scam, companies have to pay to get a proper rating
did not recognise anything i scanned
If I could give this 0 stars I would I load and unload install uninstall type in my username it prompts me to change my password then tells me that I have an invalid user name or password I give up I give up. edit: negative 5 stars. emailed you screenshots NO REPLY!!!!! STILL cannot access it!!!!
Doesn't work, I kept getting error messages trying to use it
Didnt work in the products in my country either__Egypt
I was really looking forward to using this app but unfortunately for some reason it just will not let me put new items on ,so I check the ingredients, extremely disappointed with this app.
It always say not found useless!
I like the idea if this app but it seems very decitful. They give things a red rating and then at the bottom of the product page they say they havent actually contacted the company to see if the ingredient should be red. Why dont they just say in the first place that they dont know?
Just saw this advertised on the today show. Sounds like a great idea. But I can't even make an account. I've tried scanning numerous products and it just sends me back to the home screen. I can't search for products either. This app is useless
Uninstalled after the addition of push notification ads.
Seventh generation best app. So much untruthful rating calculations for this brand. I will choose the another application, it's awful.
Useless for UK products. Tried both search and scan. NOTHING was found. I 
could have forgiven if a couple of things popped up, but zero? I can't use 
this.
It didn't know any of the items I scanned.
Did not work for many common beauty products.
It has been brought to my attention that Proctor and Gamble now own this 
and since they have items that were rated high and now are not. They are no 
longer reliable. Ie tide, always, cascade, swifer.
does not work
lies, this app does not tell you all the toxins
Are you eating a case of deodorant every day? Drinking a bottle of dish soap for breakfast? If not, then this app is lying about how dangerous things are.
Doesn't work at all
Lots of flaws in this app.
Scanned about 20 products and not a single one was found. All items I scanned were well known brands of toiletries, creams, shower gels, shampoos.. Rubbish
This is a waste of time and you can't search for products or even learn about different ingredients. They are things to make it a social media app and it's awful. No benefit to someone like me trying to make healthy decisions about the products I use.
too many notifications!
This didnt recognise anything in my bathroom
I saw about this app and thought i would give it a try. I ended up with a "take it with a grain of salt" approach now. I wanted to have a point of reference to know how accurate this is.  Well, i typed in a brand i know ALL THE RESEARCHERS and product ingredients- Artistry. Not only was it old products, no longer even available,   but the info is incorrect. Now i know there is a lot off potentially with this app.
First the rating system has serious flaws, and the promo codes with certain products makes me think think dirty is trying to sell me stuff which is well pretty dirty
The idea behind the app is great but the lack of products is mindblowing. We're talking fairly standard products here. As a result I wouldn't recommend it.
They are paid to give everything bad ratings. It says in the app that they are paid by the recommend companies! 🙄 don't be fooled.
I have scanned Johnsons baby products a few top of the line deodorants and 3 brands of shampoo NONE of them came up with info?... is this app made for Australia or is it for a another country? Epic fail for me
waste
It never scans or works
An app put together to scare people into buying their much more expensive products. Typical fear mongering.
frequent notifications won't stop, despite having opted out of them and requested help to stop them. no response.
There was only one product in my whole house that was in the database. I don't have time to individually scan every item in my house and submit it to be looked at by the company. Great concept, great initiative, bad judgement and planning.
Absolutely amazing! 100% accurate that is if you believe that anything that man makes is going to kill you or if it's not made by Gwyneth Paltrow's goop it's going to kill you. So if you believe this is going to save you from some kind of toxicity please go right ahead and steam your vagina.
Jealous that others are able to get passed the signup! Tried to signup with email (not via facebook) and it kept telling me my username and password were invalid when it directed me to log in immediately after signing up. I thought maybe I'd made a typing error, but when I tried to reset my password, it also gave me an error message. I even tried fresh with a different email, username and password, but no success.
Keeps crashing
Downloaded it to see some information on some of the stuff I have. But not one single item (I tried 7 different things) came up. Pointless.
There isnt much in the database. I am not sure if it finds it by color but 
you would think popular maybelline, covergirl items would be listed. After 
I tried the 2 most common items I had, 0 results, this was a waste of time. 
I was so excited and had higher expectations.
I mistakenly gave my main email to the app during the sign up process and ever since have been bombarded with spam from all sources. Not acceptable. App is decent.
The app is terrible. Scanner is useless. Doesn't even find basic Aveda products. I have read that their information isn't accurate because of the scoring system used. So now a lot of companies aren't getting business. Which is completely unethical and just plain awful. App seems like a scammy way to sell Amazon products. Uninstalling and informing others not to use/trust this app.
forced notifications stink! cant turn off
Not ready for the UK market
Scanned 9 products - none listed on the app?
Why this app started off being good, it seems to have been sold out . It is 
not listing ingredients such as Fragrance. It puts N/R on products now once 
listed a 9.
Amazing concept but only 2 if 15 scans were recognized.
Doesn't have 90% of the products that I use in its data base, and who knows 
how long it'll take to add them after I've slowly provided the information 
of them. And these products are popular natural and multicultural hair care 
products. This app only seems to have a handful of those actually 
registered. And I've noticed from the other comments that they only seem to 
respond to those who say that they were bought out or sold out, but it's 
literally the same response like a robot! So I'm NOT convinced and I guess 
I'll be deleting this app along with everyone else.
Worst app ever
It used to work, but now nothing loads, it's just says product not found every time. It's been going on for a while now, it's been updated and everything, still doesn't work. Ended up uninstalling it.
aside from the fact that searching is incredibly painful (every letter you type starts a new search but then times out a goes blank) any one thing i found that the app itself doesn't advertise (sorry, recommend) hits at least a 7 on the scale, but usually higher. im not saying that products can't be 'dirty', but there's definitely at least a little fear mongering going on here...
This app is a joke .
Not enough brands
No idea what's the problem just wouldn't scan or scan and wouldn't give me any info
Barely recognizes any products
Why are so many common household products now missing from your database? 
Clorox bleach 'not found'? Gimme a break! Just be honest - did you sell out?
Nothing I scanned came in NOTHING
Great idea but absolutely terrible app. Absolutely nothing is listed. Not even lysol or clorox wipes, which I know are terrible but are being used everywhere, are rated.
Just a marketing tactic to make you buy from brands that pay the app. Makes certain ingredients seem.more harmful than what they really are
this app rarely has any products I use/type in/or scan in. and the products I scan are main stream from drug stores, department stores and walmart!! Not sure if it's because I live in Canada but I will stick to using google search.
I downloaded this and scanned 10 products that I had on hand. It only recognized one
Great concept but not functional as 9/10 product I searched could not be found and it's so annoying that's it constantly searching when I'm typing, just let me finished typing!
Awful app! How is this app supposed to be helpful if it doesn't have any of the items I scanned in their system? Not one item I scanned is in their system. I don't have the time to take pictures and fill information about each product for them. Uninstalled! The name is stupid too!
Installed app and scanner does not work. Said to restart device, which I did and scanner still doesn't work. Great app if it worked.
broken most of the time. created an account and then it doesn't let me sign in. then i request forgot password, "error sending password reset email". i get a notification on a recommended product, pulls up an error page. app was recommended by a coworker but nothing is working
Installed, scanned 5 products, it didn't recognize any, uninstalled.
Doesn't work for like 90% of products I scanned...
It sounds like a great concept but trying 30 different products and not one single item is on there and uploading all the details, it gets a bit annoying. Then all the ads they send out is ridiculous, yesterday there was 13 push notifications about new products.
I downloaded it because I saw someone in a video online use it, forgot 
where, but it seemed like a great idea. I already live a pretty 
chemical-free life but I thought how cool it would be when I visit my mom 
or grandma's to just pull out my phone and show them how harmful some of 
the stuff they use EVERY single day is. I tried it on a few of my husband's 
products that we get at the local grocery store, very common brands and 
objects but nothing came up. So I decided well I'll just go to the store 
myself and scan a bunch of items. Literally NOTHING showed up and I scanned 
probably 20 different bathroom items from tampons to toothpaste. This app 
is just a waste of time and disappointing. Ladies, I would strongly 
encourage you to do research on the brands you're buying from, if an item 
has ingredients that you can't even pronounce then that should 
automatically be a red flag. There are so many natural health stores online 
if there isn't one in your area and yes some things may be a little bit 
pricier but we've had to endure our government allowing these disgusting 
companies to fill our bodies with chemicals for way too long.
Certian Dr Hauschka products rate very badly on the EWG skindeep rating 
system for known carcigens. Very suspicious that those individual products 
show up fine in this rating.
Gives straight patrolium jelly a 5. Why though. And some other products are 
rated wrong as well.
Can't even sign in.
Not so wonderful. Great idea but anything I scan is not found
Won't scan most items
Awesome UI, it's a shame it *literally* recognizes nothing. The only thing it hit on was a Neutrogena Body Spray. That's it. Hoping that they expand the database because this app has so much potential!!
Everything I scan isn't on their list...what's up with that? I uninstalled it.
Can't get into it at all now. Every time I try and open it, it says new version available. Please update and the options are 'no thanks' or 'update' if I choose update, it takes me to Google store where I can only uninstall or open and if I choose open I get the same error telling me to update! If I choose no thanks, the app just closes down. I've tried uninstalling too, that didn't help either.
Didn't have most things I scanned in there system.
Useless in europe. Even things i added never got listed. Honestly disappointed
Can we get a UK version almost everything on here is form the US or Canada can we get a UK version
Recently bought out & instead of the new company making their products 
safer, they changed the criteria on the app so that their products rank 
better. This is no longer unbiased & can no longer be trusted.
Every time I scan something it's either not there or the app crashes. AND 
it wouldn't let me crate a user name. I had to link it to Facebook to open 
it. even then it didn't work. Uninstalled.
Scanned several items and none were in their database even the dawn soap they advertised to scan with
The ingredient ratings are misleading and skewed to sell brands that have paid for positive recognition. Fragrance in general does not warrant a 'dirty' rating as many are safe at the levels used. Some of the research used to explain ratings is outdated or not transferrable to cosmetic uses.
Didnt care for this app... Deleted it within 24hrs of downloading it.
Nothing was ever found. Zero products were ever available. Worthless.
App constantly has issues loading a search. Also issues when clicking on a product picture...I would have to hit back button and click on the product again for it to pull up. This app could really be great if they could fix these issues
Products not found.
Terrible, seven items in a row with no info. Delete.
Turns out this app has a twisted way of rating products.
This app suggests consistantly tips or tricks on certain areas or products but when i click show me, the page says cannot be displayed! Please fix this i do like your app despite noticing alot of products aren't on here.
This app has nothing in it. Everything i scanned from bath and body works was not even in the database.
0 products out of 15 were found in databases
immediately uninstalling because I can't get past the sign in page. Sounds like a good idea but they need to fix the technical issues so people can actually use the app
I scanned multiple name brand items, they were all not listed. Uninstalled.
While its good for major brands they do not add brands that they have you "scan" I submitted a brand almost 2 years ago and nothing
Disgusting that they have sold this app to a company that are in bed with 
toxin lovers! STAY CLEAR OF THIS NOW BIASED APP.
It is not working, can't access anything
EDIT: App was bought out by P&G, can no longer support. Sticker ought state 
Alpha rather than Beta in this app, it barely works. Doesn't have many 
popular items and turns to a blank page when scrolling down. When 
searching, you have to type at lightning speed/copy and paste or the search 
bar won't work at all. Nice idea but the app is unusable.
The scanner activates way too quickly, the database seems to be rather limited, plus there's an ad every. Single. Time. You miss. I uninstalled after just five minutes.
Scanned items 2x months ago and no update. Form submitted asking for info as to whether it will be completed, no reply. Disappointing.
Over half of the items I can don't exsist. it's frustrating that I have to manually input the item, especially when shopping with kids or in a hurry. Hopefully this will change
Cannot scan products very limited on what products are available here I suggest someone looking through different brands and uploading them.
Not accurate
Does not work. I can't create an acct, scanner doesn't scan, it doesn't let me search.
Hey guys look into the EWG healthy living app. It was recommended to me from my cancer doctor!!!!! 💗
I kept getting notifications despite updating my preferences. Huge disruptor
Disappointed Any product of Seventh Generation who is now owned by Unilever is rated a 0-1. Which is NOT true! Biokleen on the other hand which is runner up to SG is rated 5s. While Biokleen is still a family owned company & against animal testing. I have a feeling this app was paid kick backs which is so disappointing when u look to something like this app for trust. Man, is there anything we can trust anymore?
This app was decent until I just learned it was bought out by CPG (Proctor 
& Gamble). Not a fan of companies having influence over product ratings. 
Don't trust it! I will be deleting it.
This app is very inaccurate. Its more of an Alex Jones scare tactic than anything. Please don't get sucked into this app and download it.
I scanned at least a dozen popular items and none of them were in the database. At this point, the app is not worth keeping installed as it has wasted way more of my time than helped.
Not impressed. Is this really an app to track what we have in our bathrooms 
so 'THEY' can see how much poison we're putting in our bodies so they know 
how they are doing in killing the population?
I can't navigate it.
A lot of products are not in the system
I can't even search for my product without the loading icon cutting me off and me losing my page. It is annoying when you have tried to find your makeup product 6 times, I finally gave up and deleted the app.
After their recent update where you have to be a "premium" member to view certain product categories, this app has gone to trash. Shouldn't have to pay to check and see what could possibly be a harsh, damaging product.
This app is bised and is trying to sell you specific brands that are usully very expensive one product will be at 8 for one ingredent usully fragrence while other products will have non natural fragrence and be 1 or 3 so are we really getting "clean" with this app? I say do the hard work and look at the ingredients, trust yourself over what this app will tell you.
Brilliant idea, really wanted to use it but the barcode scanner never works 
and the search function is difficult and time consuming to use. I submitted 
some products when they were on the database but the barcode wasn't 
attached and none of these have been updated to work with the barcode even 
after a few weeks. Please work on this, I'd love for this to work
impossible to sign up. Asks you to click done after filling in data with no done button available. Should be straight forward which it is not
Think not! Your app sends duplicate notications. Do NOT have popular product information.(Target or Walmart) Will not accept manually adding products. When clicking "show me" to see notification it says WEDPAGE NOT FOUND!
I am trying to sign up with email. Nothing happens when I hit agree & join?
I can't even search for a product. As soon as some populate, the loading icon starts and the list disappears. Useless.
Wouldn't work at all, kept crashing
Not one product would scan
Doesn't recognise products or barcodes. Rubbish.
Not that many products in their base and most products are harmful according to this app
This app has been changed and unfortunately can no longer be trusted.
This app has bugs, shut my phone down with its first use, do not download!
They were bought out by proctor & gamble recently and products that were 
rated 9/10 are now rated much lower or not all all. What a sham! Glad I 
switched my life over to Young Living a year ago and don't have to worry 
about toxic products and lies. What a disgusting company proctor and gamble 
is.
app wouldn't even scan. waste of time
This app did not work when I scanned  a product!
Don't bother with this if you live outside of the USA. I live in the UK & tried to use it repeatedly. It didn't recognise any of the products I tried to scan/ stated they weren't in the database (this included products from The Body Shop. Not exactly a niche, unheard of brand). When I tried to manually enter each product (a complete ball ache) the app repeatedly crashed. Talks a lot about the FDA/ how the EU regs are better, so I suspect it would work in the US.
I tried to scan a bunch of stuff in my bathroom but a lot of what I use 
wasn't even listed so ask me to submit pictures and descriptions which is 
fine but I don't have time to do that for 10 out of the 15 products I have 
in my bathroom. Too young of am app to really be affective.
Not so many European products! I had a bad experience!
when i did a search on the app, there were lots of result with different ratings so  the one intrested me was Aveeno skin Relief 24hr Moisturizing lotion and to the right of this product in a green square  was number 2.  went to rite aid to purchase exact same item and scanned the bar code it showed 5, waist of  trip to pharmacy.
Not every product is on this stupid app
Searching is such a hassle. The products show up and then a minute later disappear and it takes forever to search for them again. Poorly engineered.
Many products not in their database
Not sure why I need to sign up to see product ingredients, when they are easily available. Makes serious accusations without linking to actual evidence. i.e; under "spray deodorant" , it says "documented links to breast cancer" but even the American Cancer Society says there is no direct link. Then it lists silly reasons, "may cause blindness if used near eyes". You don't say!? 🙄 I thought this would be an app to help me live cleaner but it's more fear mongering to push it's own beauty boxes.
Didn't have any of the items that I scanned and was not very useful to me personally...
Could not recognise any product.  Tried to submit details to database but fails. Don't waste my time
annoying....will not let you sign up at all and you cant view products if you cant even sign up!
Use less app.
Bull
It did not have any of the products I have at home, gave up after about 10.
It could never find any product.
This app is terrible. They just changed it so that they no longer have 
fragrance as a bad thing. Also most of the stuff I have but isn't on here. 
Good thing I only use Young Living and I know I can trust them.
It is bad i wanet to scan a lip stick and dose not work it dose not show me nothing and it is not easy to yous
Honestly has literally nothing on things I've scanned. Bior they don't have. Johnson's and Johnsons. Suave. Like these are normal well known brands and they have nothing on them. I get that they didn't have anything on my dollar store purchases. I'm already sure they are full of stuff that's bad but I scanned them to see how bad. Nothing. They only have random expensive brands I've never personally heard of. If your a normal person this app won't work for you. If you buy expensive cosmetics fine
Way too commercial..misleading..this app only works for profit..New brands can cleverly market their products.
This is stupid. I scanned about 20 products and nothing on file.. a waste 
of time.. don't bother
Horrible android version! Good app on the iPhone but the android version is buggy. Hard to believe the two versions are related. Had to uninstall
I ain't making no dang account for no dang ingredients. Un-freaking-installed.
Scanned products I use, Nivea, L'Oréal, Nip+fab and Dove and it could not find anything I use. Disappointed and will uninstall. Shame.
Scanning bar code not working and for searched products the is no enough informaton
Only finds products when you are NOT logged in. Once you log in, those SAME 
barcodes and products are non-existent and they will make you submit them 
yourself. Which defeats the ENTIRE purpose of this app. Also, refuses to 
connect to internet.
Nothing I scan is in the database. I go to the time and trouble to upload 
things but after several months and multiple uploads, they still don't 
show. I think they abandoned the app.
App wouldn't accept my id or password when installed. Not easy = uninstalled within 2 minutes of installation.
It did not recognize any item that I scanned.
I have service but the app doesn't want to work. I hit cleanser and nothing pops up. I have closed the app and open it still will not work. I tried to submit this in the app and it didn't even let me. When it does work I like it. I had gave it 2 stars but now I'm giving it 1 star now i can't even get pass the title page for weeks now.
Just a platform for adverts. Didn't have any products I scanned. Waste of time.
Good app but search function is terrible. So hard to find exact products. Also, when you have searched for something, you can only scroll through a handful of products before scrolling cuts off. Please improve so I can use!
I seen this app posted in a keto group so I decided to give it a shot. I 
scanned over 30 products of a wide variety... NO INFO on a single item.. 
very disappointed! I didn't download the app to do their job!
Won't even download
Email is public.I felt lied too.A gimmick to get people to buy THEIR recommended pricey products. I compared 6 mainstream products on the shelf.All the "bad ingredients" listed as in the product in the app, were not listed on the physical product label.Aveeno Oat Milk Shampoo&Conditioner what I ended up buying.I finally based my decision on searching for the ingredients that were listed as bad & choosing the product with the least ACCORDING TO THE PRODUCTS PHYSICAL LABEL.Cannot delete account
Selected the option to try it out first to see if I wanted to sign up. Scanned a bar code and it wouldn't allow me to see the ingredients/results without creating an account first so really there is no "try it" option. Felt sleazy being offered to "try it" but not actually be able to so uninstalled.
Thanks for all the new annoying push notifications I can't turn off.
I won't go beyond the start screen unless you allow using Google oath to register. Why do you require using email and password?
Piece of crap..  i was excited to learn about the healthy things in my life and what I need to get rid of to live longer, but apparently you want me to die, so if that's how it's going to be, then imma leave one star for yall disgusting freaks.
Doesn't recodnise most of the scans
Ridiculous app - not a true representation of at least 90% of the products on it. Take the Body Shop products on there for example. Clearly extremely old ingredients lists shown not only by the packaging but not 1 product shown from the newest ranges. Most of them are discontinued AND the ingredients are completely wrong! If you want a true representation of products ingredients i suggest going to the websites of the companies direct.
very dubious information. claims things are toxic without considering the dose; just whether they are present. literally everything is toxic. oxygen and water are toxic in the wrong doses, dose is everything.
broken and buggy experience for android phones.
If I could give it 0 stars, I would. Verify email address. Entered code. Tells me it's invalid. No way to by pass this stupidness... don't waste your time.
I've summited 3 products months ago and they're still not on there. Cant tell if they're clean or dirty.
I used to love this app until they changed their ratings not to include 
fragrance as harmful chemicals. I am very disappointed to see this change.
I cant get it to work :(
This app sucks, I have scanned over 50 very popular items, from makeup, shampoo, soap,house hold cleaners you name it, none of what I scanned is in the system  What good does this app do anybody? I have severe allergies and this app hasn't helped me out one bit.
Nothing I scanned was in the app, and it sends me notifications all day. Waste of time.
Too complicated and not enough products listed I'd rather search ingredients myself.
Nothing I scanned was recognised so pretty poor app if you ask me
doesn't work
Hardly any big names in the beauty industry. Doesn't help at all
Seems like an ad for certain companies
Will not take a photo of the product so you can't get any rating on it
I wish I could use this app. Everytime I try logging in it says I have the wrong password even after I change it.
Will be uninstalling, due to your recent addition of DAILY Commercial Add 
pushes, with the app not active. Attempted to turn them off multiple times, 
but they keep coming back, DAILY... Very annoying.
Can't even get past the sign up page. keeps telling me invalid username/password for the username I just created. Can't see any data without making an account.
Worst app. Complete time waste. Doesn't work on any product
Neither one of known products have been found ,by scanning the bar code
Bakwas
I had to submit 4 photos of product bottle. I expected immediate feedback. 24 hours later...no response about product ingredients. Disappointed😑
Very minimal list of products. Cant even add a new product.
I'm disappointed that an app that promotes human safety of chemicals would see it necessary to let us know which products are black owned. Terrible...even in safety color of owner is an issue....so disappointed....I suppose all their products are safe? And if not, you personally have shot them down...and that's worse racism...
It sucks. Nothing is on the system. What can you scan that they have in their system?!
Not useful. Scanned more than 10 items but non of them was found.
Used to be a great app until it was sold. Now the information CANNOT be 
trusted!
Every time I scan a product that's considered "for alternative hair textures" this app doesn't have it. I can't spend all this time scanning every single product I use when I'm trying to shop quickly.
Unable to even create an account. Everytime I try to enter my info I hit "done" to create an account, and the processing symbol pops up for half a second, and then nothing happens. Too bad, it's a great concept but it sounds like the app needs a lot of work. 😑
Lacks many products you scan. Plus they've changed it and once DIRTY items 
are all of a sudden NA or lower on the dirty meter. False information on 
products that contain horrible carcinogens, synthetic fragrance, pthalates, 
& parabens. Don't download!
The app won't even allow me to create an account using email.
Every item I scan, app says product not found.
Black owned clean range? Really? Like what is that even supposed to say to everyone
Wildly disappointing
Started scanning products in my bathroom and quit after the 7th product in a row was not found (Secret deodorant, Marc Anthony shampoo & conditioner, Downy Unstoppables, etc.) This was a waste of time.
Missing too many popular products
Kept getting not working notices and it caused my phone to freeze.
I could not get anything on this app to work. Uninstalled it twice and 
could not get it to connect to the internet, after searching everywhere on 
a troubleshoot for it, even my phone settings, and nothing helped. If app 
doesn't work, all doesn't stay.
Owned by Proctor and Gamble. Don't waste your time.
This app would not work. Every time I would click something that would 
error and shut off.
Slightly annoying how an entire range can be 'red' just for containing fragrance. Seems slightly excessive grading system.
Useless.
I wish this work! Can't scan. Can't look up by keywords. Please fix.
Useful 4 items that the app's pushing you to buy from companies whos products they have collabs with. Doesn't allow you to enter handmade products with small independent companies w/ no UPC. Every time I enter a new product manually, it shuts off. Most items manually scanned aren't in the database. Entering the info manually has to be approved and checked but it's been weeks since I've manually entered products and they haven't been checked or approved.
They promote racism through promoting products based on the race of the company who own them.
Great idea.  Doesn't find any of the products I scan. Very limited...found grocery store cleaners but none of the things I purchased from other sources. Kind of pointless if you are even slightly aware of what products are bad.
sucks
It didn't have any of my make up listed it just keep saying they forgot something but for EVERYTHING!  It is a great idea but needs work
Too many notifications. Tried turning them all off in settings, twice. Nope. Still multiple distractions throughout the day I didn't care enough about. Good info, great idea, too much too many times a day.
Terrible, I have scanned several products, only 1 was on the database.
Not a reliable app! Things that were dirty are no longer rated! Deleted!
Not possible to stop its stupid add notifications. Not just in-app stuff, but actual notifications. /sigh
Didn't have a basic product available , just want to cancel account and uninstall
From what I have heard from different sources online, this isn't an app to trust. A lot of things seem to be quite misleading as is with the clean beauty movement in general. The clean beauty movement isn't something backed completely by science, it's mainly marketing hype and a mixed truth from science. Please stay away from this.
90% of scanned stuff is missing... pointless to have it, but the idea is great
So outdated on products 🙄
Woo & quackery. Not evidence based, loves cherry picking.
Nothing in my bathroom even came up in the database!
Useless for food products. And, App can not be moved to external SD memory
Only 1 out of the 15 products I scanned is in the library
Great idea, but way too invasive. You have to give personal info, email, VERIFY email with a code, etc., all before you can even SEE the app. I shouldn't have to give out all my data just to check whether this is something I event want to use. I should be able to open the app and take at least a preliminary look without you wanting to know everything there is to know about my life. Not respectful of my privacy at all.
It does not have a lot of products that I use so it is an incovience
It seems like it's capitalize
only j&j products can be scanned? the idea is good..but not its function..please widen the product info
I used to love this app, however I haven't gotten a single update on products I have submitted via photos AND bar codes over a year ago. And now there's ANOTHER annoying feature, continuous ad notifications! I'm so done, I can get better and more accurate results by doing my own research. Uninstalled, I won't be back
Does not work on any of the product available in my country. Couldn't even find one product
Wouldn't let me sign up just using my email, had to finally select sign up 
with Google. When I tried to scan anything I kept getting an error message 
that it couldn't load the page. Notifications were annoyingly working great 
though...popping up at random times. Tried to go I to notifications to 
change those settings and surprise, surprise, I got an error code for that 
as well. Uninstalled instantly.
I live in Canada. The majority of the items scanned in my home were not listed. I only found results for a small number of products. I submitted a couple of products but don't have time to submit all the products it didn't know about! Thus this app wasn't very helpful.
Everything is "bad". Nothing apparently is clean. ANY sort of fragrance is "bad", I feel like this app it more fear inducing towards your products so you'll buy more expensive "clean" products instead.
I wanted to use the barcode feature but it doesn't work at all. Every product (big and small) in any type of light was blurry. There's no point in using this app for me.
Dishonest. Dev probably getting paid by brands hence I see many products 
showing high rating even with unhealthy ingredients. Uninstall
It doesn't recognize any of the most common beauty products. Useless
Useless app!
I cannot update some missing products. Even after several attempts, it just loading.
No longer working on phone. Such a shame, it was a great app.
Oh, the irony. An app that (supposedly) once stood for exposing toxic 
chemicals in everyday products has now been bought out by a giant 
corporation that creates these chemicals and relies on us buying them and 
poisoning ourselves to make their profit. Don't download this. I knew it 
was .a matter of time until it went wrong. I just didn't expect it to stoop 
this low. The system is more rigged now than ever before. It seems the only 
source you can trust now is yourself. To hell with this app
I have scanned some new products to the system over a month ago but still not added into the system. Very slow and useless app
Wow thanks I had no idea Johnson's baby shampoo was a deadly carcinogen. The reason you don't cry when it gets in your eye is because cancer destroys your tear duct. Thank the lord for the recommended payed for advertisements, I mean safer alternatives or I could have died.
Every time I scan a product it is not in the system!
Almost completely worthless. Scanned first two items and they were in the database. Scanned the next 5, all name brands including Huggies baby wipes and Zest body wash, and nothing. Pointless and disappointing app.
Nothing was in their scan data base..
Absolutely useless! Didn't recognize 2 products from wellknown brands! L'Oreal and Coccolino!
The worst app ever.
I love the idea of this app, but it won't let me make a log in. When I try it without a log in, it won't let me search. It has a hard time loading items and it's scroll feature doesn't work. Very disappointed, because I've heard great reviews..
Some big company bought this app, things that had a 8 to a 10 has a n/a on 
the rating. This app sucks!!
This app seems like a marketing ploy for any brand that is partnered with them. Otherwise known as a racket. I believe it is a racket because I have looked up plenty of hair care products that have 97-98% natural products, only to find that they have "dirty" ratings. Why? Because they have "fragrance" as a listed ingredient, which the app admits is a vague definition that cannot be verified. Anytime a product has a "clean" review, it is something that I've never heard of and exorbitant in cost
There isn't a way to turn off notifications and I don't want or need three a day. How about an app that I don't have to sign in to also.
Doesn't work for Europe
Useless doesn't scan product code.
I'm trying to sign in the app and it says it doesn't recognize my username plus I never received an email.
App wont even work for me. Product search just gave me a blank screen
Will not scan at all. Kinda just ridiculous. App deleted
I keep trying to sign up but it says my email is taken
Literally has no data base. Doesn't even have simple suave products in there system. Literally everything I've tried to scan is not found. Waste of time.
Very disappointed as I scanned about 20 products and the app found only one.
I've scanned 4 things. 2 are everyday items. nothing came up for any of the 4. do you have anything in the database?
Useless for Europe? I scanned 10 articles from my bathroom. None of them has been found in the database. Not even the plain Nivea Creme...
They get bought out and now the products that were rated 9-10 are lower on 
the scale... okay. That's garbage. I told everyone ab lil it this app and 
now I'm telling everyone to remove it. This is such a disappointment
The keyboard never went away, makes it super difficult to use the app.
They sold out. Uninstalled. Go with EMG.
Useless. The majority of the items I scanned were not even in the database.
No products
They don't have many products to view. plus no list of ingredients to see what makes the rating low or high.
I used this app when it first came out of Beta for android... worked 
great... then suddenly everything in my history is gone, nothing works, the 
ratings have changed, it doesn't find ANYTHING. I see now the app was sold. 
What a sad turn of events for a once trustworthy app. Bye
I had such high hopes for this app, but it is terrible.  I did not try to use the scan function so I can't speak to that; but whenever I used the search function, it would pull up a results list and, as i was reading through the results, it would randomly start "loading" then reset back to the search page. I could never actually browse through my search results. I love the concept and hope they continue to improve the app. But right now, it's truly useless.
Rubbish. Nothing i scanned was on the system. Very slow and didnt twll me 
anything useful at all. Obviously doesn't have many items on their database
I scaned all my cosnetic producs and could not recognise any.
Doesn't work - can't search can't scan can't get a new password. I have used the apple app and love the idea of this but the app isn't unable.
the concept of the app is but it didnt have any of things I tried scanning registered so it wasn't very useful for me.
Only 1 thing in my bathroom they actually scanned and told me what was in it rubbish
when you think burt's bee is non toxic then that's when i UNINSTALL the app.
horrible very disappointed. after scanning and scanning products the app has only identified 1 item. and can not give a rating. so what's the point
They were just bought by p&g, now what was once rated a 9 is a 5. Cant 
trust the app anymore.
Didn't have any of the makeup items in my drawer and quite a few were big named brands
most of the products are not available in the databse. I've scanned and submitted but did not get any response. Does it not work outside America??
Can't turn off push notifications. I tried 3 times and it won't save the 
preferences. I can't find most products that I look up by name or brand. 
*Update* I sent feedback to the company 3 days ago. No reply. Still getting 
push notifications and an error message every time I try to update the 
notifications. This auto reply to my comment is patronizing at best.
not very useful outside the US, it's a shame as it's a great idea.
Useless. I scanned 30 items, it found one. Also, why is perfume bad?! It depends on the source...
The searching aggravated me as I had to enter a product multiple times to get the results to stay up.
Everything I check has asked me to submit the UPC code and images of the product. If you want me to do the work for you, you shouldn't have made an app that says I can check if I'm using a toxic cleaner or not. Instead you should've marketed it so that I would know I would have to submit the products I use to help build a database. I will uninstall this app.
Absolutely useless. Barely had like 3 items out of the 15 or so items I tried to look for and I'm not even talking about indie brands but big international brands like Kose, Etude house, Loreal, and Burberry. What's the point?
Keeps spamming me with notifications so I don't trust its impartiality. Uninstalling.
Nothing I scanned was on the database, I took photos to add products and it took forever... what a brilliant idea. Completely wasted my time though.
Not recognised any product all well known names.
Given that companies aren't required to list both the ingredients and the amounts in their products, along with a body of research that is incomplete, inaccurate, or otherwise meaningless, it is impossible to objectively measure how safe one product is relative to another the way this app tries to. Combine that with the ads and affiliate links to preferred brands and it's clear they're just trying to make a buck off of people's health fears. There are better resources out there.
anything i scanned wasn't in the system. Load of b.s
Its slow and sucks
Scanned some products to check whether they're clean or not. It's been months and theyre stil not rated. It makes me think this app might be biased and market certain products.
Pushes notifications even when you change the settings! Unacceptable...
How can I put the ingredients if they aren't even listed. They don't have so many products in their database.
I REALLY want to love this app, BUT when I'm looking at face primer and click on "our picks" I expect alternatives NOT lotion, cleanser, mascara, and anything other than primer! Also, when scanning bar codes to check items like toothpaste, shampoo, hair gels, and such I am having to enter so much information & it definitely takes more than "just a minute" of my time. KEEP TRYING
Only had a very few of my items in the lists.Very Disappointing.
Terrible, doesn't even work anymore.
**UPDATE: Because I can't reply...my review clearly states that I'd searched as well as scanned. I have submitted all of the items that aren't on the system. Review stays the same.** I checked 10 items that I use daily, and only 1 was recognised - and I did both a scan and search. A couple I expected not to find, as they are supermarket brands, but I'd expect to be able to find L'Oréal, Garnier and Sure listed. I'm UK based, so wondering if that's the issue? There isn't a UK based app available.
Bad
did not fiubd medi-peel
Lacks proper scientific sources to back up claims.
They have barely any products. I installed this app a while ago, just tried 
it out again and still they have nothing. You look up a huge, well-known 
makeup brand and they have like, five products. You click on "Their Picks" 
and they refer you to facial cleansers when you're looking at a eyelid 
primer. Annoying app.
the selection of brands seems alittle biased maybe because there database of products is so small
Did not have any of my products in their data base. Not being able to search for a product. Absolute waste of time.
Utter rubbish.  Product info on something totally wrong.  Doesn't have high street brands and doesn't follow up.  Don't waste your data.
I used to love this app so much until they sold out to P&G and changed the 
ratings of things that used to be rated 10. You can't trust it anymore. 
Deleting it now.
So frustrating. I installed it, created a username and password, and it won't let me sign in. I was really looking forward to using this. Uninstalled. 🙁
Incompatible with the majority of the UK market as the ingredients can be 
different or different quantities, which is hugely disappointing. If your 
into Korean/Japanese skincare then this app is just clogging up phone 
memory. Annoying as it's been recommended in quite a few UK publications
Not one single item that I've scanned has been in the database. I upload details and months later they are still not added or updated. Pointless app.
This was incredibly annoying to use. It wouldn't scan half of the barcodes I tried and the ones it could scan "weren't in the database".
This app is loaded with misinformation. Do not trust it. It's sponsored by the products rated well and they don't see denatured alcohol as an issue yet parabens are a huge issue?? That is just not backed by science
Not a single product impacted or simply not a single products I scanned is listed or appear for every scan it says UPC not listed
Every product i scanned nothing came up..Im in the UK?? Do your brands cover the UK? These products were everyday household products from local super markets?
It didn't find any of my products
Cant get past the sign up. I tried it with two different emails. When it was time to sign in, it told me that my login credentials were invalid. Tried resetting the password with both emails and still said it was invalid. Definitely will not be trying this app again.
Totally useless.  Scanned one of the top selling detergents and 'was not found" .  Useless app if top selling products arent listed.  Great concept but unless its working, a waste of time.
useless app. dont know where they got their info for rating if they haven't done any studies. Also none of the items I scan are in the system, even when entering manually.
Doesn't work. Doesn't add anything you submit and constantly changes from 400k products to 600k to who knows what! Major waste of time
Sooooooo bad
Took forever to search for a product. When it finally finished loading, I'd tap the screen to scroll down and every product would disappear. Wasted so much of my time for nothing.
Almost 90% products not covered in this
EXTREME lack of products. Should at least take the time to get the major 
brands from Sephora / Ulta in. Good idea, terrible execution.
Scanned 5 common household items and the app didn't recognize them.
Products that used to be rated as dirty are suddenly showing as clean. They 
sold out. This is not accurate or helpful.
Doesn't work. It focuses clearly on the barcode and nothing happens after that. Manual search function doesn't work either.
While I'd like to think this is a great appp, every product I search is not in the database...why did I even download this? It and like a great concept though.
Good concept, poor execution. Not sure if I'm searching correctly, but it's 
frustrating that big names like marc jacobs or too faced products aren't 
available in the database.
Terrible searching capabilities. None of the products i scanned are in the app. Some are from quite known brands like Garnier and nivea
I just went threw my whole bathroom and it only had 1 product! I think I just gave them more inventory,  and there are 4 females so there is alot of products in my home
[Samsung Galaxy 4, Android 4.4.4]  Does not work. With no internet connection, it simple crashes. With connection, it scans, then returns to the home screen as if nothing had happened, still claiming that I haven't yet scanned any items.
I have scan about 40 products and none of the product is in the store apps . Useless apps don't download.
what a lot of poop. scanned everything in my bathroom and only one thing on the database. pointless
It wouldn't let me make an account, so couldn't use it,  which im bummed about
App is horrible. When you try the app without signing up, it works. When you sign up and try the app again, it doesn't work.
very poor. scan function does not work
Learn what ingredients are in products, but it is bias. The scoring process is confusing. Example: if Fragrance is the only listed bad ingredient the product is scored as 8 (bad). While all the other ingredients may be 0-3 (good). The majority of available products have Fragrance listed, but usually very low on ingredient list. Also, Fragrance is an irritant not generally deadly. Apps suggested products not reviewed for effectivness & are very expenssive.
I was excited to find this app and expected that it would be informative however most topics that I had opened doesn't have any info period. Pretty confusing...
Doesn't find hardly any products scanned.
Great idea but the results seem heavily skewed / biased towards paid partners. I would love prefer and even pay for an app that was free from what is essentially paid advertisers.
Does not work. I open the app and it crashes immediately.
I haven't had a chance to use the app yet and I'm unhappy with it. I do NOT approve of the assumption that I want one or two notifications per day of what you are marketing. It does not appear that I can change this in the app's settings. 😠
Can't trust this app. Products that were once rated highly toxic are now 
rated much less so. Begs the question...which chemical company bought this 
app out?
SELLOUTS!!
This app has nothing that I use it's ridiculous .I use A LOT OF BRANDS ( blueberry bliss , uncle funky daughter, Camille rose ,African pride , ect ) it's either they have like two products of certain brand or nothing at all
I have downloaded it afew times trying to get it to work and filled in all 
the information about a 8 times and it will not work for me.
Loved the idea. Scanned probably 50 dofferent items from many areas 
(lotions, soaps, baby products, etc) nothing was ever in their system. 
Search doesnt work. Good concept terrible execution.
Useless!! Has never found a single product I scanned. Maybe it'll start be 
helpful when/if the fix up their database. Seems like they're counting on 
users to do it for them and its taking too long, I've given up. Good 
concept tho.
Every item I scanned wasn't there. Come on...Dawn dishsoap isn't an odd product.
Doesn't have most of the basic skincare products lol
couldnt find a single item i scanned at ALL
the products I scan are NEVER in the apps system. in my opinion, there's plenty of apps out there that are better than this one.
Database is crowdsourced, so it is based on user input more than any work done by the creator(s) of the app.
Would be awesome if everything you scanned actually showed up!
I don't understand why I can't scroll down all the way to the bottom to see all the products ? Help please !!!!
I have scanned so many products that aren't in here and it is so frustrating!!! I'm not even scanning unknown brands or anything like that! I just tried to scan huggies baby wipes and nothing! This is so frustrating! I'm trying to buy better products and thought this app would help and it has not at all! Get more people to rate products that people are buying! Also its ridiculous to have to sit there in the middle of a store and take pictures of all the products and send them to you.
Scanning takes forever and none of my products has ever shown up, not even the most common brands. Don't waste your time to download
every time i put in an item it says oops something eent wrong try again later or it says product not found on every day items
No information as to how the ratings are calculated, whether it's an independent database, app developer details. Also very limited products in database. Some listed ingredients are that vague (eg alkanes) that I can't see how a rating has been applied.
Well i downloaded the app even with all the bad reviews of being brought 
out. So i tried scanning something. It didnt work so i decided to check my 
history and for some reason johnson baby lotion showed up lmaooo i scanned 
a bar of soap. That stuff is beyond toxic any company that supports it 
doesnt have any good intentions of being honest. Deleted!!
Nothing on the app seems to work. No pages or categories will load.
Cannot create account. All info is filled in correctly but when I hit done nothing happens. App doesn't function without account.
App keeps crashing, search function not working, I keep getting message "looks like something went wrong try again later".
Couldnt sign up with Facebook account, couldnt tell if i was able to sign 
up with email but received a confirmation email but couldnt even log in, 
kept getting error msg, and loading takes forever. Deleting app.
Nothing I scan is found. USELESS
I tried scanning everything in my bathroom and nothing came up. They were really basic normal brands like dove, body shop and nivea, but nothing showed up
App does not work whatsoever. I could not create an account bc it said repeatedly "Something went wrong. Try again later." Search by keyword or barcode didn't work at all. I don't mean that I couldn't find products. I mean the app literally would not perform the search. When I tried to scan a product, it would pick up the Barcode and immediately return me to the previous screen with no product info, message - as if I didn't even scan anything. This app literally doesn't function.
Of all the items that I scanned only two of them came up.  What a waste of time.
Totally stupid - Tried to sign up multiple times and got multiple invalid login/password errors. Uninstalled. Disappointing.
Was great but now ratings are reduced... Guess $ talked and now it's no 
longer reliable. So sad
The app wont let me create an account, every time I put in my information 
and then push done it says the action cannot be completed because it timed 
out. But that doesn't make sense because I take less than a minute to enter 
my information. It also wont let me sign up through Facebook or search 
anything in the search section.
The app did not contain my hair products. I tried to scan and enter them but the app crashed in the process.
Behentrimonium Chloride is listed as safe in your app. Its a toxic chemical and alot brands like Devacurl have it.
Horrible.  Nothing I scanned was listed.  Useless.
Nothing I could actually get to scan popped up. So I added it to the database but that was time consuming, if I wanted to spend the time doing that I would have just read the ingredients and then Google'd them myself. Even after adding to data base, it didn't show alternatives and I had to Google it anyways. 1 star for good idea/concept for an app. Otherwise rated less than zero for having no standard database, the app not doing as advertised, and wasting my time, boradband and internal memory of my phone
This app never seems to work at all. I install it and it never connects and 
I cannot search or look up items.
This app is awful. The searches are super inconsistent and often doesnt bring up items that are in the database. The app is pretty useless.
Literally knew none of my products.. Radox, Tresemé, Nivea, L'Oréal, Oral 
B... Really???
This is an app to promote only one skin care line whilst trashing the competition.
Tried 3 times in a row to create a new username and password and still won't let me log in. Tried to have the recovery password sent to email (even though I was using the right one) and then there's an error with that as well! Welp I tried to give it a shot.
It wouldnt recognize any of the bar codes I scanned...really excited to use this app but now im just disappointed...
When I first downloaded it a year ago, it was great. I got a new phone & 
redownloaded it recently & it's rubbish now. Won't search is horrible, 
either it won't search at all or it won't show the right items based on the 
keywords, no product loads the ingredients.
90% of things I scanned in my household were not in the library.
It's recognizes NOTHING when scanning products. Don't waste your time :(
Useless for europeans
99% of the common brands i have, aren't even in the sysytem so this app is basically useless
This app is COMPLETELY USELESS!!  It is a waste of my time and effort - I would get a better result just by looking at the ingredients on the back and googling the ingredients I don't recognize or know what they are ...... UNINSTALL!!
Nothing loads, I try to create an account and it fails. I search for a product and it fails. It is literally unusable
Not impressed with the new changes. ...can I trust that the ratings are 
accurate now that P&G own this? Doubt it.....uninstalling this app now.
Just really disappointed that this doesn't work outside of North America. Can't upload and products and no British products in there.
So many items I scan aren't even in the database and items previously 
listed as dirty are now "not rated". No longer a trustworthy app. 
Uninstalled and will no longer recommend to my family, friends or team. 
Huge disappointment.
Tons of companies pay for them to rate it better. Switched to ewg app when I found that out
Didn't open anything
This app unfortunately stopped on my phone
The relentless push notifications are ridiculous. Uninstalled.
Downloaded, opened for under two minutes and saw the "Black Owned" section. Why, why do you have to get political! In case you didn't know; ALL LIVES MATTER!!!!!! You didn't have to involve your app in politics. Removing app from my phone and will recommend to family and friends not to download!
Rubbish. The first 3products I scanned were not recognised, so I have uninstalled
Don't use this app please
Nothing I scan is in their database and the constant ads are ridiculous. This app is here purely to get you to buy all the things they push at you in the ads. Going to uninstall; I'm sure there has to be better databases out there.
No Philippine products, Watson's products, or even complete nivea men products. Thus it is not useful for me. Hope there'll be an update.
Tired of all the notifications. I have no notifications selected and yet I keep receiving them. I have reported the problem and no response. No choice but to remove the app.
Doesn't describe products well. Some 'green products' have only part of ingredients. Some 'red' are not that harmful if you analize it's ingredients like a chemist.
Doesn't recognise a single product (European)
When I would click to shop for an item I recieved a "pop up" saying my 
phone was infected with a virus. Deleting app.
Not accurate, biased views using pseudoscience. Watch Manes by Mell on YouTube for more information. I suspected the reliability of their clames when they flagged chamomile as a dirty product when there was no valid reason to back that claim. There was no assertive statement, it just said it might be dirty. Then don't flag it if you aren't sure.
Useless. Scan and not a single product shows up as in your data base. I 
must have scanned 50 different items. Waste of time downloading.
Innacurate and kinda corrupted. Not too bad if you have other sources as well. Wouldn't rely on it
Firstly you have to sign up and give them your details to see a lot of the 
app's content which is naughty. Secondly it does its best to scare people 
off from products based on nothing but a rather sketchy ratings system. For 
example, anything containing "parfum") fragrance to you or me, gets rated 
as 9/10 dirty. Anything containing a known allergen gets 7/10. So anything 
with a lavender compound added is 9/10 dirty, and anything with peanuts in 
would be 7/10. Both ridiculous and not a sign of an unsafe product. 
Uninstalled. Edit post developer comment: "strong evidence of potential 
negative health impacts of unspecified fragrance",, how can you determine 
that there's evidence against something that's unspecified? There's no 
comment in the rating that this may not cause harm, it just gets a 9. 
Equally any allergen immediately lists something as a 7/10. Even if 99% of 
people are not allergic to that ingredient! Do you not see how that's 
causing fear against products which may be no more harmful than water?
Uninstalled
I scanned many products and couldn't find any. Uninstalled after 10 minutes as it's completely useless
so far I have scanned three items and non have been in the database. The app also randomly shut down.
Full of mis information. These Poole obviously have no idea what they are taking about. They obviously don't understand global distribution standards etc. This app is miss informing the public.
This app is useless!!! Scanned 6 different UPC Codes and it was not in their database. Had to take a pic of front and back of container, list ingredients, and all kinds of information. Pay me and I will work for you!!!
Did not recognise any of the bar codes of products I have, including very well known brands. I assume that is because I do not live in the USA.
Same as others...can't get by the sign in process. Created everything and it says invalid.
Love the idea but no matter what I try I can't sign in. Wasted a lot of time
Others expressed it, I also experienced it. App offers various sign in options, none work. Attempted to 'set up' account, App could not remember my password that JUST got accepted..unfortunate, since this just got HUGE mention on National morning news show!
Wow. Cool idea, but apparently they sold out to the devil. Things that were 
rating a ten a couple weeks ago now rate lower or display NR.... deleting 
now. Don't waste your storage on your phone with this garbage.
It says loading but then goes back to home screen never showing me my search results.  The app would never let me create an account.  I will keep it and update regularly in the hopes they work some of bugs out.
Downloaded it and it didn't even work... just stayed on a constant and continuous loading screen...
Bad
They just CHANGED HOW THEY RATE FRAGRANCE and products such as Tide -known 
products with huge amounts of endocrine disruptors- went from a 9 to a 3. 
Do your own research now, know what the bad chemicals to look for bc THINK 
DIRTY SOLD OUT.
Doesn't recognize ANY of my products. I understand its a fairly new app, however, they should have taken more time to add more products prior to releasing it. I started submitting all the products it didn't recognize, even the most generic brands, but realized why the heck am I doing all the work... Great concept though. I'll download it again when it's actually useful.
Sounded great but doesn't actually work.Tried to scan at least 10 none obscure big brand products....none of them were recognised.Got fed up and deleted app
Scanned 9 items it only had info on 1
The app started with Nobel intentions and CLEARLY got BOUGHT OUT! Things 
that were clearly a 7-10 rating are now in the 2-3 range. This app is 
despicable. People need to know the garbage being put into their products 
and now the only app helping you discover that is this mess of an app.
Missing a lot of products!
I thought this app would inform information about dirty ingredients in all makeup. That's what the girls at ULTA said. If it does that I can't find it.
Does not have any rates on the products I am normally use.
🖕🖕
None of my name brand cosmetics, lotions, or hair products are in their system. It seems they are trying to get customers to buy from their sponsors, or they just went to market too early before downloading thousands of beauty products so we can see how good or bad they are. This app needs a lot more work. Installed and uninstalled.
Really terrible, I've scanned 4 skincare products which are easily found in normal stores but the app couldn't identify them
The items that were once high are now lower. Rumor has they sold out to the 
giant who owns those products
This was a great app and a great idea, until it was bought by a bigger 
company. I've noticed some of the grades are suddenly getting better, and 
certain ingredients aren't being listed as carcinogenic anymore.
I scanned all make up and self care products I own and it only recognised 
one. wouldn't recommend as you won't find what you're looking for
Registered... Must have tried about 20 different hygiene, cosmetic, and health products and nothing was found in the database...
Never loads
Am excellent idea implemented in a piece of crap app. It'a so buggy that i don't know what to begin with. I uninstalled it.
Garbage. Nothing I scanned was in the system. I submitted one scan November 12th and still never hear back from it. Waste of time and energy. Save yourself the headache and avoid this app.
Requires you to make an account, apps like SkinBliss do the same thing but with a simpler UI and no saving creation needed
You should add more products i scanned over 10 products i couldn't find one of them
never got an email, took too long
Duplicate products, none of the products recommended can be found in local stores and when you try search a product or add it says it doesn't exist!
Never got to use. Wanted my my man to visit with me. NEVER happened.
Hardly any of the products I use (French, Korean and German organic brands) were listed. If you're from the EU, don't even bother installing this app
No Help desk on weekend. Needed test results.
It wont work
this is a terrible app. I cannot get it to work even with all my information entered.☹️☹️
There seems to be a new version of the app and now I can't log into it at all. I called your tech support no help. I reinstall it nothing.same problem. I had Dr video call this morning and couldn't do it. How do I get my covid results I'm waiting for?????
Can't log in keeps saying.... There was a problem communicating with the server. Please try again later...
Hard to login, despite not being secured with 2 factor authentication. Have to call by phone to resolve any real issues (like zip code being wrong). Can schedule a COVID-19 test but not tell whether a location offers antibody testing or just PCR swab. This is not helpful given the tests are being scheduled 5 days out. The option to upload a picture of the insurance card wasn't working on the android app. Most of the problems don't seem to be the fault of the app itself, but this was an intensely unpleasant, frustrating experience that took three hours and three phone calls to resolve.
Doesn't work
Doesn't work
It won't install
WOULD not let me download
My android App keeps telling me the server is not available!
Have not been able to log in since the latest update. Hoping it will be fixed soon
Down loaded app sunday cause i have a dr apt monday morning. I just got released from burn unit....was suposed to up load photos for dr apt. Cant even get signed up. Total bs. If youre as big as uc health is you think youd not have this prob.
Recent update is b0rken. Opens to a blank page after login and then there's no way to get anything else.
Tried multiple times to load this app, unsuccessfully!
I can no longer get signed into my account. I have an important appointment tomorrow and cant see where I am supposed to be going!
I was supposed to get my test results back in 2-3 days it's been 4 days and nothing
Sucks
Still can not log in. Wish this would get fixed.
App violates HIPAA by not performing logouts correctly. Use at your own risk. My father logged into the app on my phone to check test results. Even after logging his account out and authenticating my own account I am receiving notifications for his test results. This seems to indicate that the access token provided by the first login was not correctly revoked. If it was I wouldn't be receiving notifications for tests on an account that is no longer logged into this device.
Crappy app! Totally useless!
absolute junk from a company drowning in wealth
This app used to work great. Within the past few weeks it hasn't been 
working at all. I don't know what happened, but it doesn't work like it 
used to. Already tried Uninstal and reinstall as well as restarting 
phone... still doesn't work.
This app will not download. Just stays in the installing status. Not sure how the teleahelath appointment I have will be able to happen due to this.a
The app was good. Now that it updated smartphones can no longer log in. Get it together!!!
Very difficult to login using a phone; unstable when entering information.
Half of the pages will not load. I'm on fiber internet, I've attempted on multiple devices, this is terrible when I need a doctor.
Constance issues and errors... Good luck trying to do a virtual appointment.
The website the app says I don't have Wi-Fi but obviously I do because I'm on the website so I don't know what's going on
this is the most confusing app ive ever come acrossi cant even find out when my surgery is
It wont let me log in since the update. it keeps saying it's a server error.
For 2 years this app and the my health connections portal didn't work, then 
they fixed some bugs. Worked for a little bit until suddenly it stopped 
accepting my password and locked me out. It's garbage and so is the 
myhealth connections portal.
Can't login, difficult process to get help.
Never works
Errors out when making an account
App will not work. Uninstalled and reinstalled and still the app will not open it just sits on the UC Health screen.
Why do I need TWO apps for a medical portal. Won't one suffice? This is stupid.
It used to work great, now all I get is it won't let me use my user or password to log in!
It is impossible to contact support. App doesn't seem updated.
Used to work beautifully got a new phone and now I can't even login, even after resetting the password. I depend on this daily. I really need it fixed.
Well it's another app that doesn't have a reason to exist except to be more difficult than the website. It won't let me take a screenshot. Ridiculous. I can screenshot the website. Do you realize I can photocopy my medical records too?
Cannot register or log in. Says that my internet isn't working but it is... Really want to have this working. But it is useless to me like this. Uninstalled. In reply: I have tried using the app on full-signal Wi-Fi, and LTE data separately... And, both at the same time. It flashes the first page and then says not able to load, check my internet. I've tried in different places and it still isn't working. I need a direct contact for support... I want this to work.
"remember me" toggles don't seem to work. pharmacy search by zip too wide ranging and not limited by zipcode entry. seems to have trouble maintaining a connection to servers for any length of time
pain in the ass trying to get registered
Can only schedule an appointment with primary family doctor. I have more than 1 doctor through UCHealth.
Garbage app. Does not allow log in with proper log in info. Have to revert to using browser. Does not recognize my patient info. Waste of my time and phone storage and memory.
Constant Server errors!! can't log in.
This app is not user friendly. I want to reset my password & user name. But if brings me back here. Cannot figure out how to get the info sent to me by Dr. Whoever set this app up did not consider who, age, language deficit people might be using this
I love your idea of being able to see my health reports. But what you do with this app sucks. You have so many changes and updates and security I can never get into my records...its so totally frustrating.
Can never log in to my account.  Useless!!
Doesn't work at all. I've tried to sign up so many times, but it just says error.
Terrible
Cannot Sign In..........
Doesn't work at all. I try to log in under my desktop ID and password and it doesn't work. I try a new password and ID and it doesn't work. Obviously, worthless. I have been extra careful to make sure I enter in the right password and ID and nothing works after about 15 attempts.
Horrible app that doesn't work.
Set my phone down to wash a dish came back, contact was lost. Struggled for 5-10 minutes to reach where I am at, which is nowhere useful
Always get server error when attempting to log in. Always.
Can't do bill pay please bring back the old app
I had the old app since January. When this new app came out, no matter how many times I tried, restarted my Android phone, nothing worked. It just gets stuck on 'Waiting to Download'. I even tried calling Tech Support - Get rid of this new app and let me have access to the old app back!
I can't even get in. I just changed my password because I couldn't remember 
the punctuation I had used signing into the site. After changing it, it 
says it doesn't match. The process to change is unbelievable difficult. I 
won't go through that again.
Can't set up account. Keeps erroring out. Worthless from hospital website. Phone number is required but won't accept phone number.
Abysmal! Checking for a telehealth took over 30 minutes! The biggest problem was uploading images of insurance cards. The file limitation is ridiculously small at 4 MB. This forced me to crop the images so that the app would accept them. Additionally, if another app is opened you get logged out. Plus every time you log in you have to accept cookies. Why isn't this acceptance remembered?
was told I could use this to track my daughters test results, I tried to sign up and it won't let me because she us 5
Can't even set it up. It will not submit the last step and NOT saying the password doesn't match out anything like that.
Meh
Less than useless. Need to use "self attestation" but it is not in the app as UCHealth said it would be. I will have to use paper.
Signing in is hit or miss
There seems to be an unwillingness to get a true working website with these people and it's almost impossible to find the right area to complain when things go wrong which they do every single time
Hard to navigate, really slow
Ever since they updated it I haven't been able to sign back in. Keeps saying server error. Hurry up and fix your server already! I have appointments coming up that I have no access to. Very inconvenient!
No lab results available??? My husband was admitted (not covid related) hours ago and nothing....it used to be very quick and efficient. Why the change?? 3 AM STILL no lab results. No day at a glance either. This is a vital tool I need, that I am missing. He has severe Anemia, and has gone septic 3 times. I NEED his lab results posted. PLEASE!!!
Unable to submit registration info as it won't allow my phone # to be 
entered (only 1st number), so "incomplete registration", then back to 
trying to input phone #, and around & around. AHY-YIY-YIY!!
UCH making it needlessly difficult. again. the option to tell you more didn't even work. Your staff treated me like a junkie. From the ER to a nurse who emptied my morphine line on the floor next to my bed. i can't log in on my computer and am forced to use my phone. place some more limits on patients and keep treating people with chronic pancreatitis like they're ER hopping junkies. I hope you go bankrupt. If my GI wasn't affiliated with your hospital, you'd never see me again. LUH is better.
My test results don't show up had to contact the hospital I've uninstalled reinstalled still the same they a number by billing i open it nothing new there, so i closes billing the number is still there.
It's not for my doctor's office, Associates in Family Medicine. Do not let this site refer you to a UCHealth doctor, your insurance will pay $0!
terrible, especially on corrections.
Creating an app is not a substitute for maintaining a functional mobile web version of the service
Terrible messaging system, big road block to connect with my doctors. AI message system is useless, can't send my doctor blood test results PDF.
It never connects to the device connection code
The app was hard to figure and the watch would not stay paired to my phone
Watch worked great for about a month now keeps disconnecting from the phone won't save data and HR is very inconsistent and watch won't stay on long enough to see information very poor quality product
App wont connect to watch tried everything
The watch and app constantly disconnect from each other. It's very annoyed. Fix it and I'll raise the rating.
This would be 5 stars, but it won't track my sleep and I can find no sleep settings in the app whatsoever. Sleep tracking is one of the main features I bought the watch for. May have to return it and buy one with a better app interface.
I'm having trouble connecting the app to my watch. I have downloaded both versions and when I go to connect it there is no option to connect it. I click on it and it's a blank screen. I also turned off my Bluetooth and phone and turned it back on. I JUST got this for Christmas. It worked for 2 days. And after I charged it the first time it seems to never work again. What is going on?
Keeps disconnecting then I lose all my data. Seriously sort this out, it is so frustrating. Surely there is something that could be done. What is the point of the app if all you fitness and health readings disappears. The app disconnects every 10 minutes.
Received my watch yesterday and down loaded the app. All it does is register my steps. Nothing else!! I have everything switched on. Also, it keeps disconnecting from the app. Very frustrated and disappointed 🤯😔
My watch will not connect it is so stupid
I downloaded and my defender app said that this app was dangerous and to uninstall it. Why do you guys have a trojan virus on this app. What games are you playing at?
Keep dropping connection and battery consumesa lot. Useless software.
app has stopped connecting to watch regardless of how many times I restart or power off phone. Have unpaired & repaired bluetooth & still not working. Very disappointed as it was working well (apart from disconnecting when closed the app) any plans to update??
can not connect it to my phone. it shows connected and my.sms and calls come through, but the step counter, sleep tracker, etc do not work.
cheap Chinese junk
H Band is an inferior version of WoFit, and H Band fitness trackers work excellently with WoFit, so if you have an H Band fitness tracker, I suggest you start using WoFit. They're really the same app, but what makes WoFit better, for starters, is the name (WoFit sounds so much cooler), Google Fit sync (we shouldn't rely on storing our health data in these apps alone, in case these small tech companies go out of business or something, so backing up our heart rate, steps, sleep and so on to Google Fit, is important), and heart rate every minute. That's something that really bugs me about H Band: it only shows "heart rate zones", i.e., your heart rate once every 30 minutes, but WoFit measures and shows your heart rate by the minute. And the dark theme in WoFit looks really good too. I don't get it about these Chinese fitness tracker apps: the same company always has like 10 different apps for the same device: WoFit, FITUP, morePro, H Band, H Band 2.0 (there's always a 2.0 version too of course, like WearFit and WearFit 2.0), all work with the same devices. And WoFit really sounds and looks best, and also has the best features and functionality, so I suggest every H Band user to make the switch to WoFit. Unfortunately, you can't just move your fitness data from H Band to WoFit, but other than that, WoFit is just about better in every way. I can't stress the Google Fit sync enough, and if a fitness tracker lacks Google Fit sync, I just won't buy it on general principle.
Switches itself off and on when it feels like it.
I have this watch my son but for me I like it but I need to know more about it I keep getting the heart signal up and I don't know what I'm supposed to do about it I mean it's I need more of a step by step I'm new to smart watches I think I asked before but no one's responded maybe I'll go to another company that's better customer service from the developers
Why can't I give less than 1 rating! The pairing is always automatically disconnected, I will have to pair more than four or five times a day. Did not use this kind of worst app till now.
Consume mucha batería del teléfono y se desconecta fácilmente
App quit working want connect
I give this app and it's watch I got a big fat zero. All it does is disconnects all the dam time . Don't waste your time on this app .. NO STARS FROM ME . Shot I didn't mean to give it a star .
It's always running. My wufe can't remember the password so we keep asking for the code to reset her password but it never gets sent. So we can't do anything with the data it's collecting. That makes this fitness tracker worthless.
My watch is not connecting...
it's stopped connecting to my watch since the Android 9 update.
Can't connect to device.
Constantly disconnects never stays connected
Doesnt shut down, doesnt sync with google fit or or any other fitness app, such as loose, one star still these are addressed. Wasted my money fitness trackers that only work with this app
Постоянно теряет связь с часами. Невозможно выгрузить накопленную статистику в таблицу гугл или в гугл-фит.
Dosent stay connected
Totally inaccurate app for monitoring sleep. Now reduce to 1 star. App is giving fictitious heart beat reading even though I'm took off the band for charging. Also Steps accumulated mysteriously reduced by half the next morning
Wants too much access
Was a five star until the last update now it's useless, it won't pair with my phone. It randomly seems to record some info but there is a major problem with it now.
app won't connect to the band total waste of time
Wants access to everything. Wont start without access to location which is not needed to track steps. CHINESE SPYING?
This app is not collecting the data. Everything is blank even though the band is connected. So frustrating. Update The app still does not work! I have to delete it each time I want to look at my data. Would not recommend!!
Won't open on my phone!!!!!
I did everything except smashing my devices. Nothing works. My android is beyond 4.0.
Will not link up to my phone. Please advise for a fix.
I have been using the smart watch and app for some time and just recently the app fails to connect to the watch even though the phone and watch are paired. I have installed and uninstalled the app several times but it still fails to connect. Have not contacted the developers yet but you would think that after all the negative comments they would wake up and fix the app. Haven't tried H Band 2.0 as it comes up with some credit card info at the start and it had a number that was neither mine or my wife's card so decided not to put in my information either.
I was running an older version and it was great. I accidentally uninstalled the app because I have to force stop it everytime and so it updated to the new version which is awful. All my stats just keep flickering. I can't get into the settings anymore. It needs to be fixed.
bad
I finally connected the app to my watch but later automatically disconnected. Now, my the app is not recognizing the watch again. I have a Samsung Note 9. I'm not sure of its my Samsung or the app. I know it's not the watch bc it's new and works well with my family member's iPhone. Very frustrating bc I wasted time fiddling with this app, my phone, and this watch.
So this app was great for the first 3 months, then I got a new phone. FINALLY got it to recognize my account and let me in. It connects to my device, but CONSTANTLY has a pop up with some inane message that makes no sense, "File permissions do not open..." No matter what I do I cannot get rid of this message and therefore can never actually view or interact with the app and my data. So disgusted, frustrated and angry!
Hardware is great. This app? Is totally worthless. Have dumped it and reloaded it 16 times in the last 6 months. Sometimes 3 times in a day. All is going in the rubbish pile!
It keeps "stopping", pity. I use other app now for general steps/distance etc.
The new update 1.4.7 has messed up the connection to the fitness tracker
It stoped working right an dosen't stay connected. Dosent read my hear rate while I sleep any more. This app sux now
App says it's running but cant find the watch no matter what I do tried everything given up now completely useless
cannot download apps from last 2days, pls fix
This app suddenly stopped connecting with my device. I kept restarting the phone, app and device, and nothing. It's one of those gadgets that will work for a few weeks and then stop. Pretty worthless.
Horrible app, watch stayed connected for 14 hours auto disconnected and still won't reconnect. Says bluetooth may be abnormal. This is the only thing having bluetooth issues.
Its difficult to use. Trying to measure mileage. Cant find how to do it.poor instructions on how to use this stupid app. It came with my round don watch which it too is not accurate in recording mileage
ACCESS TO MY CONTACTS? READ MY SMS MESSAGES? WHAT? UNINSTALLED!
Bought a zeblaze neo watch with near about 50 usd, this watch have huge bug without any analog watch face, 5 ugly watch face complete waste of my money.
Can't pair with my smart phone.
Can't connect to device 😪
my watch wont connect anymore
since updates sleep is only displayed partially and the connection to the smartwatch is permanently lost.
Can't get my device to connect to my phone
Very isolated from other watch users. Cannot connect to google fit. Can not interact with other users. Very disappointed. Hband App is very limited and after saving information you need to uninstall to edit.
This is sux app, you can't sign up in it. Will try to find out online.
It worked fairly well up until this point. Since the most recent update, i have not been able to log in or pair my wristband no matter how many times i try. Whats the point in even having the band if you cant access any of the info through the app. Even when i could log in, the app would never stay paired with the band for more than a day or two. Extremely frustrating.
Unable to connect to bluetooth, day 4 of use. Cannot resolve this.
Well it was working well but now it won't connect and all my data is gone. Not happy
Have a oneplus5 (android ver 9). Like other reviewers I also have problems with the connection continually dropping off between phone and watch especially with text MSG's and phone intermittently working. . Have emailed vicsainteck about this numerous times and think we're going round in circles,unfortunately phone hasn't got a whitelist !!!. I also can't understand how the connection between phone & watch is lost when there's only a 15cm gap
Have a lot of trouble connecting to my Samsung phone. I've installed multiple times. However, my husband's had little trouble with his.
Can't sync and connect app
Verdict still out. I like to see a journal of my work. Maybe a week at a time.
Impossible to use without location turned on
won't connect
Couldn't tell which was worse the software or the watch.. I need something then I don't have to recharge three times a day. the software was convoluted and way more complicated that it needed to be and the watch was just junk. If you need your smartwatch look somewhere else.
Piece of garbage. Designed to steal all your personal info. DOES NOT WORK WORTH A S_IT. DROPS CONNECTION TO WATCH CONSTANTLY. IM SENDING THIS TRASH WATCH BACK TOO.
App runs in background even after you close it. That means it has access to your location and all other sensors all the time and can record it and use it or sell the date. I'm satisfied with the app security and going to uninstall the app. Going to use the smartwatch without the app, don't want to take any chance.
No record or record is cut on HR data but BP records even not wearing the smart watch
I cant conect my smartwatch
Stopped working after the Android 9 update...please fix it...
Doesn't send text or phone notifications to smart watch even if left open.
I have used this app for about 7 months with very little trouble. Then a few weeks ago it just stoped working!! 😖 It will say it's connected, BUT IT'S NOT CONNECTED BECAUSE IT WILL NOT READ ANY DATA, IT WILL NOT DO ANYTHING!! PLEASE FIX THIS PROBLEM!!
Sucks. Don't buy watch or download this app.
not loading daily information, steps,heart rate, Bp.
Im using zeblaze neo,this is app is really irritating me. Always disconects automatically and doesnt show whatsapp , gmail notifications.can someone suggest me alternate app . If not i really wasted 2700rs 🤦
I use this app with the Colmi CT1 smartwatch.Unfortunately,I have missed many calls while the phone was on silent mode,because the app never sent a notification to the smartwatch.I can not rely at all on this app for notifying me for incoming calls,because sometimes it notifies you,but most of the times,it does not.I have used it with 2 different smartphones,but the outcome is the same.
Not able to set new password. Tried to log in with new email id getting promot to accept terms and condition , after accept showing same screen.
constantly disconnects! I wish it would just stay connected and send out notification
The device crapped out within two weeks. Won't turn on. I got it free so I'm not out the money at least. Just goes to show, if quality control is done in China, you are going to get a bad product.
Worked for 1 week, then crashed. Doesn't track info from watch. won't even do manual BP or heart rate.
Not connecting at all
Very obscure set up
Most confusing to set up watch and to stop H band from running.
3 days of BP data already stored even though my watch just arrived today + downloaded the app 40mins ago. Data doesnt match my BP condition or activity. No way to delete this and start fresh. i need this watch to be accurate as a guide to track my condition especially whilst Pregnant. i have dysautonia/pots -fast heart rate when position is changed even at rest. Also doesnt sync my heart rate either. Please tell me how to fix this. cheers
The twist to remove band to recharge broke the contacts the 4th time it was used.
"Eddig jó!" Csak volt!!! Mióta frissült, nem csatlakozik. :(
Love my watch but the app keeps disconnecting with the watch and it doesn't read my HR and BP or record my sleep.
Horrible product
Worked till I updated to new version. Not it will not connect to my sports watch.
I cannot pair this device. Last pair was on 12/29. I have restarted both devices, phone and band. No success. No contact info or support in manual. The device does not have all features that is displayed in manual. Will return to amazon!
I cannot get this app to fully connect!!! Bluetooth doesnt work completely yet says its connected then again displays not able to pair? Im ready to give up on my health! Really do not need any more stress!!!
Very dysfunctional app. Disappointed. Keeps forcing notifications when not selected and opted out of.
bland
Sleep tracking is not working
Won't connect. Had a iPhone previously and won't great. The moment I switched to Android I had nothing but problems. This watch is only 3 weeks old and now more of a paper weight. I originally bought the one with a blue band but decided to buy the black band and now can't return it since I threw out the original one.
Does not link with device
Can't change my theme...most other watches have multiple watch faces but my has one...hate it
I'm very disappointed. I have used H band over a period of several months. Each update creates more problems than it's solves. It has regular lapses in heart rate and blood pressure data. Counting steps is hit-or-miss at best. Put another way, it's best is virtually worthless. Don't waste your time. If you have purchased a smart band that requires this software, my best advice is to return it and get your money back. Failing a refund, you may as well throw it in the trash.
So many irritating flaws
NO DARN GOOD. The Q8 (not so smart) Smartwatch will NOT pair with my Galaxy S9+. Though this might be a good watch and APP with all the features, but no dice.
Pretty much useless except for step counting. When I add the various modules such as blood pressure, it doesn't remember my selection and only sport mode is displayed on my home screen. It asks me to save my BP measurement but I see no way of viewing the historical data. Sharing is stupid. Why would I want to share an image of my BP on Facebook? It would be better if it stored a CSV file that I could email to myself. Chinese junk.
Keeps disconnecting, step counter not correct, I did 304 steps while asleep in my bed, cannot get accurate readings for heart or blood pressure. I have uninstalled. The only thing that worked was the time.
Why is not possible to select individual apps for notification ? Only a few available and the other apps option means unwated notifications from the system.
Is not saving data.
Appeared to be just right on the first time it connected with the smartwatch. But then it wouldn't connect ever again.
This app is required for the half sun smartwatch. The device will not pair to my android phone. Instructions state to do it via this app. Still will not work.
This application doesn't connect to my phone at all. I restarted the phone,bluetooth and even deleted the app and reinstalled it twice. Please assist.
Use to work fine until upgrade .Now automatic blood pressure monitoring switch will NOT stay in automatic mode. Please fix this problem. Then you will get a higher rating.
Sound like hacking.. Y da hell is a fitness app. Asking for info that is irrelevant?.. Like seriously??? Google play!!! Is this the type of safe environment u provide?
Am having troable connet it
Purchased less than a month ago, heart rate stopped recording, have tried rebooting, reconnecting, it doesn't work. Waste of $50.
Disconnected. It can not be re connected. Pairing is rejected by the device. After paired, bp & hr is not working. Heart rate & blood pressure is not working .have a hard time with this device. The worst item i have ever have only the watch is working . It is a waste of money to buy this item
This app is useless. Only updates once in a while. I purchased this watch for health reasons and it won't update.
Pathetic app always want permission for everything on my phone and doesn't open to see the data on app
Tracking is very inaccurate. Had it on with my old fitbit and the numbers are off up to 40%. Sleep tracker only tracks about half of my sleep. The only thing accurate is the heart rate. It only gives you the last 3 messages so you have to look at the watch every time or you will have to check your phone. There are better versions for a simular price
Why does this app needs an access to my GPS location, phone calls, media data, camera and microphone and do all that in a background? I just need an app that will collect data from my band with Bluetooth and send me notifications from WhatsApp. I am disappointed that such a nice band has such an ugly app that collects all your personal data for unclear reasons.
my watch connect once and i have uninstalled it 6 times ,turn everything off reboot it. and still won't connect.
Its not working
Should be no stars. I've tried for 3 days to install the H band and it just keeps saying 'pending'. That's as much as it will do no matter how long or short a time it goes. Very frustrating.
Pulkstenis kruts, šitā sūda aplikācija pis prātu
Every time it disconnects the fitness tracker from phone. Plus, there is no contact information for the company who makes the band so no help is offered. The app kept freezing stop running.
Won't even allow me to login, just says network unavailable. Pretty useless then.
its keeps vibrating , have tried everything I could to turn the vibration buy HELL NO it's not working ,this is so annoying, the vibration is so loud.
A complete waste of time, not to mention requiring permission for things it doesn't need access to. If you just bought the watch, use it independently. Do not use the app ever.
App constantly disconnects. I haven't been able to get to app for days
Awful. Watch disconnecting all the time, and don't reconnect. Watch can't display notifications when app is off. Come on! How about background service? App can't connect to watch without allowing location permission. Why? Why this app is needed to use my freaking location? I'm just wanted to read that stupid messages from my watch. App want's a storage permission. Why? I don't want to allow this app to surf in my files storage. Worst app using experience in my life. One star is to much for this.
Can't get it to sync with Android. Keep getting error...pairing rejected by v10....can't find any help anywhere on error. Returning device. Spending too much time trying to make it work. I
Does not track sleep properly, stop tracking steps and sleep after 6 months
Would give this app 0 stars if I could. IT'S USELESS!
Very bad. Doesn't work with my smartwatch. And can't download other apps for this.
Very inaccurate
They want all call logs and history of your phone. Contacts etc. Its a fitness tracker! Unless you give them all access it won't update clock etc.
Disconnects constantly
Wont connect to watch
Don't buy the Hembeer. Waste of money. Doesn't track sleep properly. You cannot edit the data it spews out. I have buyers remorse!
All of the notifications are a pain in the butt O can't seem to shut them off
So bad
The worst experience trying to connect to my watch. I got tired of trying and just bought a different watch
For Iphone there are much more options than for Android
Not fit for purpose. The app closes shortly after your mobile goes onto standby. Therefore you don't get alerts to your watch. Absolutely pointless.
not working properly always watch disconnected when close the app and also not showing data sometimes when connected
Got the band the end of July and it worked great until this latest update. Now I cannot get it to pair up no matter how many times I reboot and try! I would return it but of course I'm just past the return date and stuck with it now!
Your app is horrible . I have been trying to connect the smart watch with your app and I'm having so much trouble it made me angry 😠 I've been with this for an hour and have gotten know where . It's ridiculous what I had to get through .
Disconnects without GPS
Temperamental inconsistency reoccur.
Can't get Smartband T20 to sync with this app. Works great when you use the barcode app supplied in teenie little manual. I tried several times and kept telling me I needed a passcode etc. Finally tried barcode again which I found it kept linking to other apps. Finally linked to Hey Band (NOT H BAND) which was not available at app store.
Horrible. Loses connection with smart watch daily
Worst so hard to use
Don't like the fact it runs in the background used up my battery
The app shuts down on me all the time. It is very unresponsive when I click on something. I can't figure out how to set it to take my blood pressure. The band itself doesn't do anything if I click the running icon, so the app doesn't track where I go on GPS. All in all, the band and app are frustrating. However, the main thing I wanted was a step counter, and the band does that without the app.
Device was connected about a month now won't connected at all no matter what I do. And no one has an insight or can provide help. What a waste!
This app does seem to work. It's not connecting with my fitness tracker AND having to give permission for it to access my info on my phone invades privacy. I'm sending this tracker back and will order a Fitbit.
Poor connections. I have hard time to track my watch.
says I'm connected but won't find the watch. have turned on and off. switched Bluetooth on and off. nothing. time to search for another app that actually works
Keeps losing connectivity with my smart watch whenever the app is closed. Have to keep the app open and running on the phone to ensure connectivity. Please can this app be repaired or updated to stop this.
cannot connect to my smart phone only to my iPad
Didn't work
Invasive. This was a great app until they started demanding to take my info and share it.
Constantly loses Bluetooth connection and have to go into app to reconnect. Step counter is useless. If u move your arm it counts as a step! Bp app is slightly off but close.
Cannot pair it with my phone and was advised before I bought it would be suitable for my phone
Awful app
This app will not connect Bluetooth to a Samsung phone
Not able to get my calls or text :)
The watch hasn't connected to the app for a week. It was good for the first month, then sporadically dropped connection. It's been getting worst and now hardly ever connects. Customer service email never responds when asked to make this right or refund the watch
horrible app. very disappointed.. watch band doesn't sync or connects
Changed phone and then app failed to provide verification codes to reset ....useless .
Constantly disconnecting from my phone go to read I does no data no job and no data what could it is to me if I won't give me my heart rate my blood pressure my distance walked by sleep this is what I have for this is a piece of junk
Sleep monitoring is gone...
Can not connect to watch
Ap loses ability to connect device
It disconnected from phone and refuses to reconnect
will not connect to my android Samsung s8. tried everything. Any advice?
Worked fine for 6 months Now it will not connect to phone promp said check bluetooth still will not connect
Just installed this app and bought the watch... It disconnects very often (every 1-2 minutes)... And it will not connect unless I open the app and click CONNECT... Is it the app, the watch or both?
Rubbish
extremely difficult to set time
why won't this app connect to my S10?
It won't stay connected. Very annoying!
each day has to be re-connected multiple times, it is annoying!! would not recommend this app!!!
Heart rate seems To stop and have To reinstall often. Like everyday.
Bad!! The device can't connect with the phone
I am unable to connect my DF30 model bracelet what should I do..?
Showing inaccurate Bp results.
Can't connect to my Samsung A8 mobile device! Installed the App but when trying to connect through the App, it does not show the phone listed to be connected.
My wife has the same type phone as I do. Her's has paired and mine declines EVERYTIME. Works good as a bio monitor. Problem is I HAVE NO CONTROL OVER ALARMS OR DATA. Like now it is telling me to go bed@ 09:12CST.
The PROBLEM with this app is that it continuously sends data back and forth to the watch which is the dumbest way to do this sort of thing. It should remain INACTIVE until the user opens the app and tells it to sync with the watch. This drained my battery, using 49% in 6 hours. Disable the apps background data and notifications! Save your battery. The constant data traffic also causes playback interrupts when I listen to music via Bluetooth. Unacceptable and sloppy coding.
I had this installed on my old phone. My new phone won't connect to it even though it show ups device to connect to in the bluetooth list. Have done many searches to try and fix the issue and there is nothing to be found. My Fitbit basically useless to me now.
Worked well with my V07s but totally .messed my phone"s biometrics. Finger Print sensor stopped working as did Face Recognition. Uninstalled the app and everything started working again.
the app is terrible i carnt even connect via bluetooth ben trying for weeks. waste of time
I didn't sleep a single hour tonight and it just counted something around 6 or 7 hours like??? also the things abt the blood pressure and heart rate doesn't match often
I like the watch except for one major issue, which I will revisit my review if it is addressed. I am unable to turn off the workout detection feature (which detects when you are working out and changes screens to show things like the duration of your workout etc) I want to keep the default screen which is simply the time, but am unable to do so and must click multiple times to "end" the workout in order to see the time. Very annoying and makes a watch pretty pointless if I can't see the time
Could not connect my new fitness tracker on an Android (the Android device is meeting the requirements) - it only works with my apple tablet but the app is not built for tablets therefore it is difficult to use. Tried all the "tricks" suggested (i.e. rebooting devices, delete app and re-install) but no luck. Very disappointed.
Will not connect if other devices are detected. CN only use half of the time. Sleep times are not accurate.
can't access sleeptime monitoring. can't showing healty journal periodically ( hourly, daily, mounthly, etc) limit skin option style can't give the sign when finish meassure (in manual meassurement mode) limit inovation, development for this app. i wish this app (at least) look like my wear fit app before. and continuos improvement (ofcourse) that's the problems thanks
What's up with the app???
This app sucks!!!
Cannot give zero stars. No help from developers or Amazon seller. We received the watch this afternoon & the watch is blocking bluetooth connectivity no matter which phone we use in the house (Note 4, Samsung S7, Samsung S9 nor iPhone XR). Please do not buy. this watch & app aren't smart but they are VERY glitchy!
Constant inaccurate information, I walked 25 ft to the bathroom and back and it says I walked 80. It only said that I slept 6 hours when I know I slept 8 or more, inaccurate read out far as what time I went to bed either.
It constantly disconnects!! In a 24 hour timeframe disconnected 6 times!!
This app is very hard on the battery on my phone. You hsve to reset it atleast once a week for the call notification to eork. Every 5 mins, i get a notification thst says the app is drainibg my battery. I got the watch as a birthday gift on the 27th of June and as at today, 17th of August. It stopoed working. This is a waste of money. I won't recommend buying the watch.
Quit working
Very disappointed with this watch..... I thought all my apps were hoping to connect with it but they didn't...when you revive a message it doesn't stay on long enough for you to read it...cute but only worth having for exercise tracking only😒😒😒
if you're looking for hey band apps. this is not the one.
Compete Garbage. This company is fraud. This is a junk that does not work well on Android phones. The app is still unstable. The bracelet dose not work accurately at all. This version of app does not even defects the bracelet. These people just buy cheap Chinese parts worth 6$ and print a name and sell. These people waste precious time and money. Misleading advertisement. Do not buy this bracelet. I don't need these frauds to reply on my comment.
Installed the app and on opening it requested permissions for everything on my phone. Location, sure. Because of the GPS tracker. But it asked for permission to photos and videos, contacts, and even the ability to send and receive SMS! I can't think of a legitimate reason a fitness tracker needs to send and receive SMS to all my contacts. Denied everything and deleted the app immediately.
Terrible. evey time I try to connect to phone All I get is a message "Pairing rejected by Y13”.
Does not connect on redmi note 8 Blood pressure measurement totally wrong. Uninstalled. Scam
Works - sporadically
Confusing due to poor use of English and hard to navigate. Constantly disconnects and doesn't record data accordingly.
fed up keeps disconnecting works fine one minute not the next very frustrating NO HAPPY ,when try to pair via bluetooth states error
I never had a fitness tracker ask me the color of my skin. What does it matter, all I need is to track my activities not give me a diagnosis. Am definitely returning the tracker and staying away from them.
Info sucker! Not safe! There is better out there, i just haven't found the best to test: YET!😭😡
Watch shows sleep but app does not. Find phone does not work. Both functions are reasons I purchased phone. I do like the style. Band loosens up all the time. I do like the style. I'm returning the phone. Wish it had a different app.
Does not download data
App will not open. Keeps spinning and spinning after 3 hours and still not opening. Watch is useless and inaccurate. Heart rate measurement starts with higher number and then works it's way down... Blood pressure is all over the place. Evertime you take it it's totally different. My true blood pressure is 125/80. After 50 attempts it showed it to be 190/115 and never ever showed the accurate pressure. I wasted my money. Will not return it as I am scared to leave the house due to Covid-19.
worst app..it do not connect with the band..worst app
Suddenly all data from smatrwatch did not connected
I tried to sign up and it request 6 to 20 characters. I did exactly that. It would not accept it I'll use another app. I don't have time to put in a password over and over. This app needs to correct the problem.
I am uninstalling this app just because I can't close it when I am not using the watch It constantly running in the background no matter what I feel like I am being watched and follow
Waste app...and sucks
Wish I had read reviews before purchasing watch although I love the watch itself wish it was compatible with another more reliable app as this app is not good does not stay connected to phone and no questions in reviews have been answered in this respect so doesn't appear that developer is listening or willing to try and rectify this issue.
Will scan everything for a day then nothing for days. It's like it's not scanning on phone. It has to have location on shouldn't have to have that on.
worked for 2 days and then nothing. heart beat false. please don't
It always runs in background, consumes battery.
Can't get the sleep mode to work
Worked perfectly well for about two days. Now can't connect to the tracker, even when following directions and after attempting to uninstall and reinstall app. What a waste.
Device fails to sync data and there is no warning that the battery needs recharging. Also synced with my partners device in a random manner.
It was an awful experience. Spent 10 weeks trying to figure out how to use it, and once I did, on my last day of the program receive top rate for 28 miles on the highway and returning home stopped 1 mile away at a grocery store. received a low grade for breaking driving through neighborhood full of kifs and dogs and cats, and lost 5. but didn't gain anything for 28 perfectly driven miles. It is a scam.
Will not connect via bluetooth to my Samsung S8. No data kept.. what's the point. This company clearly doesn't care judging by the comments. BUYERS BEWARE.
Keep losing connection with device , please fix it...if not buying the watch and download apps seem like no use !
Bullshit application..... stopped after last update.  First test updates before releasing.   if you don't know, how to make software, leave it ..... Only make  cheap plastic toys.
Want come on unless it's in the computer when you take it out it want work poor H Band And they want answer your calls nor your email now stuck with this poor useful band
Can't change the time sleep time says 0 hours for over hour or too when you wake up. I wish that it would what it said it would do that would be nice.
Had item for month and now does not alert when I have sms messages or phone calls. Very frustrating!!!
Really crappy app.  Dies trying to "update firmware"  Good thing Amazon is so friendly on returning things that don't work.  Samsung Galaxy S7 phone
No longer finding the watch
now my weekly and monthly averages have disappeared. I get the same problem with 'backdoor login' I would not recommend this product and if I could I would return it.
Will not connect with my phone, Galaxy S10. I have uninstalled several times, no luck. I have restarted the watch and phone, no luck. App is terrible.
4 hours battery life👎
The last upgrade changed the default screen to a timer screen. I like the date and time screen as a default. I can't find anywhere to change it back to the date and time screen. Very unhappy with the app.
Worse piece of technology I've ever spent money on.
Been trying for hours to download this app. Why won't it download? Get the download site flashing but nothing is coming down.
OK. So h band is spyware.
If you could fix , the constant crashing
Awful
Ive got this app & a smart watch fitness & it done wonders of keeping track of all my steps, bp, heartrate etc. Now it wont keep track of anything but my steps & this is all after a update. I got this to kinda give me a idea of my bp & heartrate since i have a history of passing out. Ive updated everything, turned my phone off & my watch to c if it will work but NOPE STILL NOTHING & i have everything turned on. Not happy!!! Plus does not stay connected to my phone no matter how close 2gether
this app doesn't work,bought 2 different watches that use this app and it wont connect to my phone
Does not sync with my watch
Interval training is what this app needs.
Can't get watch to connect
The app can never be stopped. It is running uselessly all the time and drains battery.
App keeps freezing. Not possible to connect with phone. Restarted the phone and no difference.
Rubbish it will not connect to my watch
Total POS. Does not want to pair. Does not respond to touches. Displayed a password prompt for no reason. If I could give it a 0 rating I would.
My friend has used this watch and she gave it to me when she got the Apple watch. I went to create an account through the app so I can set it up for my phone. It won't let me get past the privacy policy! I have opened it and scrolled through it multiple times. No matter how much I try, when I go to hit yes that I accept the policy, it never lets me start a new account. I was really looking forward to using this program and the watch, but I don't think that will be happening.
Doesn't connect after android update
Really pushy about permissions
Cant get watch to sync to data to get heart rate and blood pressure
This app keeps running even if I turn the watch off and force stop the app!
I was excited about my new watch, but it has a very short Bluetooth range and won't pair with the phone easily. I only had this installed for 3 days and took it off. My phone started glitching, restarted several times. Never had an issue before installing. Now it's acting like it has a virus possibly. Ugh!!! Don't trust this app!!!
Will not Bluetooth
The last time it registered activity was on Monday... It tracks steps and heart rate and all that, but under "running" it's not logging any activity?
Would not connect to watxh.
This app has no options for "dark mode" not everyone likes a bright white background,on the app for phon.also. the watch has no volume adjustment.thats useless!!!!
I thought this app was going to be good but it doesn't stay paired to your phone. And I lost all my data for no apparent reason. I am going to reinstall it and try again. Update: the app will not download now....
App messes with my phone data and ever since I download the app I've been getting advertising notifications. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP.
Cannot download grr
App constantly stops working or freezes.
Won't let you out in password without telling you it's wrong, even when signing up, won't let you change from kg to weight and even when watch is on top of devise it can't find the watch to scan it into system. I even deleted app several times. Nothing works. For me this app is pointless and frustrating because following instructions I can't use data from watch. When I looked at password I entered it correctly, accepted and then told wrong.
Not working with Band 2
Rubbish
I've been trying to get this app for an hour! Message says "waiting for download"
I think it should have where I can enter my food I eat so I can see how many fats and protein etc I've had during the day.
I can't connect my device with this app for weeks now. Very disappointed
Won't open
Still can connect to message notification
I would not recommend this app. My husband purchased 2 bands, one for him and one for me. I have had nothing but trouble with mine. I charge it and it says that it is fully charged and when I put it on.....it goes dead within 2 hours. There are times that it doesn't record my sleep and when it takes my blood pressure (which I am on meds for high blood pressure) it hardly ever varies. I can take my blood pressure on other devices and it does not add up to what the H band says my blood pressure is. If you want just a watch to keep time for you then this band is for you, but as far as tracking your blood pressure and sleep or even having it stay charged, I would say don't purchase it!!!
The app should not demand the GPS location to connect every time. There is no technical rationale for it if I am using the pedometer - and it suits me fine. And there is no f...ing justification for the app to keep tracking my geolocation all the time - unless it is spyware
Worst app, connection lost within 15,20 minutes without any reason.... it's a big problem (zeblaze neo smart watch)
Will not connect properly since new update
It was not able to pair Pixel to mgaolo smart watch.
Doesn't work so watch is useless
It will work one day then won't the next.. won't let me sigh in
Very frustrating app, continuously disconnects and will not stay connected, drains my battery when connected. The other thing that I'm not happy with is the heart rate monitor only records every ½ hour, which really is of no use for exercise monitoring and should be setable from constant to 5 min increments. There must be a better app available than this ? Please advise.. The devopers need to update this app and also add a widget and Google Fit integration I really am not happy with this app.
Not impressed. Cant get WhatsApp notifications on my watch and none of the sleep or heart rate tracker shows on the app. Only on the watch. When in the gym the calorie counter doesn't match with the machines at all. Disappointing.
Does not work properly
Worked while I was using iphone, changed it to Huawei and tried EVERYTHING to make it work, but it won't connect a single time. Tried both H band apps, both are not working. Useless.
Disconnected from watch constantly. Now won't connect at all.
App doesn't track accurately, doesn't keep track if blood pressure. Do not buy
Disconnects frequently despite developers suggestions.
Keeps tracking even tho the watch is off and signed out and send notificaions in when it turns itself back on (makes my phone go off in the middle of the night)
Not good...it will not connect!!! I have my phone & the device sitting right next to each other...ive uninstalled & reinstalled 4 times...turned phone off & on...NOTHING WORKS!!!! It does work on my iphone and connects immediately though
This app is horrible, every time my phone goes to sleep or i close my apps, the watch disvonnects i never get text or call notifications. This needs a serious overhaul by the devs. Wife bought me this for a basic fitness watch but it can't even do that without clearing my data and trying to resync everytime. Let us please connect the watch to samsung or googles health apps...please. This app is the worst. Buyers beware!
Poor app but terrible device. NEWWEAR Q9. Terrible! Waste of money
starts to connect to my T20 watch and then the Bluetooth symbol disappears off the watch screen and the app says it couldn't establish a connection.
Tried to update the firmware on the Y2 watch but it has bricked it and now the watch doesn't even work
Keeps disconnecting so information not stored
Cant get my calls n text alerts to show on my wristband
Cannot connect to phone , keeps saying I restart Bluetooth. Tried several times but won't work. Tried to restart phone and device, nothing works!
its not getting connected to my device
I am having difficulty contacting to bluetooth. Can anyone help?
The app just won't download onto my android phone. Terrible
God this app has some kind of malware. Whenever I install this app my WiFi on this phone not connecting to internet. Also Spovan blade internal clock is running slow, so to keep the time correct you have to sync with this app every day.
Watch won't pair with my phone.
Didn't work with my ancwear watch
Worst watch ever dont waste money
It worked fine for a few days until I charged it. Now I can't connect. And yes I unloaded and re loaded. Terrible app needs fixing
Could not install and found no way to create an account for logging in. Now I have a watch with no app to use
Bluetooth problem
The App can't pair with the smart band. Even if the band still closer the phone. Please fix this.
Got mine today download and installed the app and read the instructions but cant get the app to connect to my Mgaolo fitness tracker 2020. Disconnected click to connect to device then I click it and it says Prompt Scan Device failed, app restarts bluetooth to scan again. I have bluetooth on and have premission allowed and everything still cant get it to connect. What a waste of money do not buy do not reccomend buying stuff from Mgaolo
It stopped working about a week. Horrible!
I received the band for christmas and i love it but this app sucks, I hate to say it but it's true. It keeps disconnecting from the device/band. It says Hband is running but when i go into the app it says disconnected. And i have to reconnect it all over again. You guys need to fix this app so it stops doing that.
Had this watch for a month now, its just started to disconnecting, very upset, please fix the problem, so annoyed.
It is to many step to update and reset this watch , no no number for tech support
useless
Can not pick up blood pressure. That is my main concern. Very disappointed
It won't let me create an account at all and my watch wont sync to my phone at all so it's very frustrating in all.... please fix this issue
Connection to band doesnt shows, such a poor performance.
well looked on u tube. followed instuction and will not connect at all...
App keeps shutting down lose all data
Doesnt connect with watch
Doesn't work!!!!!
Unimpressed. App will not let me make a permant account and whenever I try a pop-up asking me to read the private policy pops up with no where to mark that I have in fact read it.
Poor functioning app. App no longer connects to watch....only had it for 4 weeks, already not working properly. It's a shame because when it did work, it was a great app! Every time the app loses connection, I've had to uninstall & re-install the app.... data does not transfer. Idk why I bothered to write review since it seems app developers don't really care & there are no fixes. Results of poor programming on their behalf. Half-wit programmers.... you guys are a joke!
Doesn't pair with phone as others have mentioned, returning the watch. Took a quick look at the app interface and it looks bad, poor quality.
I can't even set up an account. I answer all the questions and then stops.I can't go any farther. Very disappointed.
Honestly deplorable. Since I bought my Blackview watch and connected it to this app, I have been forced to reconnect it multiple times. As I write this, I've had to uninstall the app for the third time because it refuses to connect even after I fiddled with my Bluetooth. Also, even when you try to log out and log back in, it tells you to review and confirm you read the privacy policy, but there's no "yes" or "no" option. I'm just returned to the login page.
Everyday after shower the HBand stopped working properly. It's supposed to be used even when you are swimming, bummer! Had to be installing and uninstalling the app several times in order to make it to work. Wasted of money. Contacted the vendor and said the 30 days period for return passed. So I'm here with an useless item
Keeps disconnection and asking for location which is on in my phone so I can't make it work
I basically bought a watch that doesnt accurately track anything. and downloaded this app for it to not stay connected to the watch. best thing about this is being able to see texts and phone calls. that's about it.
Have been unable to connect it with my smart fitness watch for the past two days.
I cannot get my heart rate and blood pressure to work. I have tried and tried, no success. 😟
I am very disappointed by this app and my watch. Every time i have to reconnect it. Most of the time, i don't see incoming call alerts. Even sleep monitoring is not correct, so what to talk about data of ECG, BP, Oxi meter and pulse. Very bad experience of Chinese brand product.
The app always run in the background and drining the battery. Cannot even force stop it
Does this app ever stay connected???!!!🤬🤨🤬🤨
The combination of this app and the blackview x1 smartwatch is just rubbish, the notifications are very hit and miss, it's never syncing drive me mental, I've ordered a Garmin!
the app and watch won't connect as simple as that. is there other compatible apps other than Hey Band! The app can't find my phone. very disappointed with this app. Watch is nice but without connecting with the app you can't even update the time.
Just BAD
Biggest load of rubbish in the world. Does not do what it is supposed to. Too many app premissions. Why would they want all those permissions.
Something went wrong please dont install this app this app dsnt connect with watch
Every other day it won't connect. Very frustrating!!😡😡😡😡😡
nice features on watch. pity it doesnt stay connected when app is closed. looks like i will be buying a different watch.
This app is horrible. You do not have many options.
It drops the connection randomly, sometimes after a few minutes other times after an hour or two. I've missed a lot of important calls due to this. Without this app working properly any watch which requires it is useless.
Junk app..... find a better one to use.
Watch doesn't want to connect. Everytime I try to connect it there's a message saying I should restart my Bluetooth, done it many times now and still doesn't work. And also I know for a fact that my Bluetooth works just fine because all the other various devices I connect to it are working perfectly fine and smoothly.
Does not work.loss data and disconnects all the rime. Tried it due to morepro failure. Hband is better but very Little.
CANNOT GET THE SLEEP APP TO WORK VERY DISAPPOINTED NOT VERY IMPRESSED
Doesn't work. I'd give zero stars if possible.
Worst Experience. App never shuts off even with the phone turned off. I have even gone and did a forced shutdown on the app and nothing short of uninstalling it works. What is worst is it has to be on top of your screen, shoving what you are reading off at the time. It even pops out of nowhere like a virus, and closes down Google Maps just before a critical upcoming turn. After several weeks I got tired of this and uninstalled it. Now I have to reinstall it when I use the watch.
Does not work keeps turning off and disconnecting from watch.
Not connected
Sucks
Does not load all data of previous month's. I used hband 2.0 before but Google says it is a malicious app and contains spy software. So I switch to this one, using same account. But it doesn't load any data before the 1st of September. Strange: it does not save anything to the account. I didn't use it for 1 month and now install again and everything before doesn't exist
No longer connects. Been playing up for months. Now time to move to another make
H BAND KEEPS STOPPING WHEN I GO TO "RUNNING" MODE. IT ALSO DOES NOT UPDATE THE DETAIL.
It doesn't show me any of the screens and the only thing that works properly is the time. It uses a lot of battery on my phone. Quite disappointed.
Sleep monitoring is not working. I need help.
Rubbish
Watch does not work as promised. Keeps disconecting from phone. Dosent allow test and calls to come through. And the words on text a to small to read.
Devise constantly disconnects. Would not recommend this product.
Cant get it to download and open
Bug in the app, watch is disconnected all the time no matter whatever fix I try and whatsoever I do. From what I understand, the latest update has spoiled everything. It was working fine before. Please fix this and I'll change the review as soon as I see it is working like before.
I have to reinstall it most of the time. So inconvenient !!
Keeps dropping connection when I close the app. Every time I open the app it reconnects to the watch so I cant see messages or calls on my watch. Very disappoint as I cant read messages on my watch.
The English language use is terrible and connection to smart watch is also that same terrible!! Only managed to connect once after that not able to connect at all even after reboot, reinstall and install.
this app has not been recording data as it should. love the watch but do not like this app.
Defender security says this is a trojan the app now is almost non functional it freezes and sleep times are very wrong it is garbage now. Hope you people are happy i am not and i hope other people not use your app. Disgusting people screwing with me cause i said it was a trojan and 1 star
This thing is uesless.and if it doesn't work I'll give you one star.
Dont work good
The translation of the app is typical Chinese stuff: full of typos, errors, etc. Looks very unprofessional. GPS tracking doesn't work fully - the app doesn't show overlay map, just a blank page. Feeling pretty let down and underwhelmed by this fitness tracking app.
Frustrating!!!!!rarely shows records of what's going on. Crappy app
Good
will not connect to watch. app is not picking up the Bluetooth connection. was a good watch.... when connected.
Opens to the app store and won't connect to watch. Both pointless so far.
Keep saying restart bluetooth. No matter what I do. Worthless APP
Very disappointed with this app. Keeps disconnecting. If I could give it less than a one star I would
App won't download just keeps spinning
Always fails to reconnect wrist band when the watch comes back in range
Since the last update it's complete garbage . WON'T CONNECT WON'T STAY CONNECTED ONLY STORES RANDOM DATA Etcetera, etcetera, etcetera....... If it were possible I would have given it a 1/8 of a ☆. Seeing as that wasn't possible it gets a 1 ☆ rating. VEEPOANDROID Please get your POOP together and fix the app so that it works as it did before. Or better yet just relaunch the old update and call it the latest version. non of us will know the difference but all of us will be happier.
horrible, couldn't get my phone to xonnect to the watch at all!
Does what it wants
Mmm
Item worked fine now with software update will not connect at all very frustrating just got this june 13th
I ordered 2 of these one for myself and partner, I got the first to work and even connected it to the phone Samsung9  but couldn't get it to notify me of any messages although I had turned on all the notifications, then it dropped off and I tried again but it didn't connect to the phone notification or WhatsApp/messages, so I tried the step counter and got to 89, I then sat down and after checking it again before walking again it said I had done 112 The watch it's self is smart and comfortable, and great looking, so I will give it 10/10 however as it's adding steps which I know by sitting is impossible and the notifications not working properly I give it 1/10 I am therefore returning both. it seems if you require a fitbit watch that works correctly then you need to invest in the real fitbit watch and not a cheaper brand.
doesn't let connect to my 21bp
I cant get it to connect to the t20 so one star
can't get messages
Horrible, frequently disconnects, untrust worthy with Bp statistics
Couldn't connect
How to get sleep monitor to work? How to get correct date to continue after setting it? Instructions are not clear. VERY FRUSTRATING. Does Bluetooth really have to be on? When outside and away from Wi-Fi does mobile data have to be on? Does it have to be linked to the phone and near the phone in order to be recording footsteps, sleep activity, heart rate,? Update June 19, 2020. Twice this week, app does not download sleep data in the morning... why? It downloads heart rate and other data fine.
how can i set the date and time
Message notifications for Zururu only work sporadically and usually don't work at all. I've done all of the troubleshooting and contacted the company, but it's just not working. They've issued me a refund which I appreciate, but it's still very frustrating.
Most racist app I've even seen.
This is my first smartwatch I get all Notification but no coming call Time to get knew smartwatch this is really annoying watch ever not happy
I'm using S10+ and the wrist band CAN'T connect with the phone. VERY DISSAPOINTING. 👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
It says use b88 but i get ny16 im getting very frustrated. It also lets me get fb notifications but i can't get regular texts or fb messenger text what is the deal? I think the sleep think doesn't work either. I think the togabee watch i bought is trash or this app don't work
I cant connect my lifebee ny17 smartwatch it's saying prompt failure
won't allow me to connect the device to my phone
This app and watch are not what was described. It is not really a touch a screen, it doesn't have half of the features it said it did. Im returning the watch asap. Very disappointed.
Low functionality, low details, you get what you pay for.
Sooo confusing as there's no manual and all efforts to connect are impossible. They have ALL my personal information but the watch is unable to be used. VERY POOR!
App keeps shutting down.
I am not able to delete my account.
*****UPDATE****** Lost connection and lost all data from the last few days!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I've only had this band for 3 days, but can't imagine if anyone has had this for any length of time where LOSSING ALL DATA IS VALID! I have reconnected and "seems" to be working again, but now all previous data has been erased!!!!!!! DROPPED TO 1 star!.............NEEDS FIX!!!!! FAST!!!! Using with the HalfSun heart Rate/ECG band. Maybe this isn't the best, but it's what I got for right now. First impressions with this app is it is fairly OK. It appears to register the standard information adequately enough for general use. The ECG mode however is inadequate at best with good contact and well connected. When all settings are Imperial in App it seems to be equating with some type of multiplier as you would to identify metric values. I have a resting HR of 62-75. The HR read out of the band indicates this accurately as well as another HR/BP monitor I use. The ECG (either in mode on band or App) measure BPM=105-225 (so unsure where the failure point is there, but there certainly is one). Even though all the general functions appear to work properly I can only give this a 3 star due to the ECG not evaluating properly equivalent testing on other devices that negate these ECG values. If there is a setting or preference I have missed for this section, let me know. I'll be reviewing the band shortly as well with a similar review.
The bluetooth disconnects when I close the app on my phone
Time not accurate only function works is steps. Bloodpressure, heart rate, occassional, sleep days run together.
Frequently disconnect, worst experience... Need some update, also need some firmware updates for watch internal issues like slow heart rate monitoring, inappropriate step measuring, inappropriate BP measurement etc.
If I close the app my watch automatically disconnects. I have all permissions and allowed it to run in background but cannot keep it connected. There is also no option for female health tracking although my watch has a feature for it.
This app sucks!!! It won't even give me my Sleep Info..Booooooooo!
I have the y39 watch. I love the watch I don't like this app. This app doesn't do what it saids it does. I will be returning the watch because of this poor app. Yes I have the update installed.
It keeps disconnecting
Rubbish doesn't work
Constant issues with app
Sucks. No longer connects to my phone went through all of the help suggestions. Nothing!!!!
Very basic app! HR & BP either on auto (measured every 30mins) or nothing at all, wont register manual readings from the watch. I would like periodic readings when I want not every 30mins, can't control various features on the watch from the app such as change menu order (as some other brands allow this) cannot change screen auto off time, screen turns off after 3 secs! and control of the screen brightness would be a huge help (seen as you can control other aspects of the display via app)
Absolute trash. Freezes all the time. Unresponsive when I click on anything. The only thing it accurately is showing are my steps. This is disappointing. Uninstalling and returning the watch.
Carefully read the privacy policy collects a lot of unneeded info from the user. Requires location settings to be on instead of just using bluetooth. Don't like the data the app collects? Simply do what the privacy policy says and "complain to your local regulators" no thanks im just going to use my h band without this.
Rubbish. App won't stay running which means my watch disconnects, rendering it basically useless
Gets disconnected for no reason every 15 mins
The app doesn't upload any information from the band. I have uninstalled and then installed the app again, connected and disconnected the band many times. It doesn't read any information from the band. What to do?
It has been working but after the last update I don't know what happened. It no longer connects to my phone it just like a normal watch I use for time
Will not stay connecred and to watches. I tried 2 different smart watches and once you close the app it wont stay running or connected to your watches in the background. Lame
I can't reset password it worked only one time and uninstalled itself very disappointed have to send watch back
How do I delete a watch from the app? I accidentally paired my phone with my boyfriend's watch instead of mine, and it doesn't want to connect with my watch?????? Please help!!
No comparison to fit bit
Cant pair or change time
Screend63 blank
I RECEIVED THIS MGAOLO FITNESS TRACKER AS A BIRTHDAY GIFT 6/2020, IT'S NONE 7/25/2020. RIDICULOUS...THIS TRACKER WAS DIFFICULT TO DOWNLOAD TO MY PHONE, AND THE TRACKER WON'T RECORD ANY EXCERCISE OR CHARGE...IF I COULD I'D GIVE NO STARS. 😢😢😫☹😤😟😖🙁😥😦😧😰😡😡👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Can not get phone calls or texts or Facebook
Disconnects constantly 😵
The app doesn't connect with my bingo fit, it's all very frustrating and I've been trying everything.
This app wont start and crashes. I havent even started please fix
Yeh kam hi nhi kr raha
Does not work. I can't pair my watch
terrible app , doesn't connect with my phone
Constantly disconnects!
have to uninstall and reinstall frequently as it doesnt always register sleep and does after that watch disconnects from phone all the time even when phone sitting next to you with strong signal
Thought i give it a try and it seemed fine for a few hours then kept disconnecting and working properly anymore.
App will not connect to the band no matter how many times I try to restart both devices.
i cannot connect it with my Samsung s8,because bluetooth doesn't connect with device, though it connects with cheap android phone.
This app is useless. The blood pressure is inaccurate. My blood pressure is high but this app reads it as normal or low. The sleep function is totally wrong. Other night I fell asleep after 1am, got once for toilet at about 3,was awake for about 30 mins, woke up again about 5 and got up at 6. The app said I fell asleep at 11.30 woke up once and got up at 7, I slept for 7 and half hours and had excellent sleep!!! Reading's like this constantly. Would not recommend the health band or app.
I cant connect, I uninstalled and reinstalled the app dozens of times, restarted my phone and everything it still wont connect, this app sucks
30-Jan: Despite emails and my earlier post, I've not got any response from the Developer abt my problem. Guess they don't want to resolve it. My 1* rating continues... Unable to connect band to my Xiaomi Poco F1. I've tried all possible options, but the band just doesn't appear in the Bluetooth pairing screen. Pls can you let me know what can be done?
Since new update doesn't always do my heart rate or give notifications, have to uninstall & reinstall to get it to sync, DON'T BOTHER USING IT. And don't bother emailing, they don't reply.
I cant connect with phone..
Crappy! Will not connect!
Sleep function doesn't work, says I am sleeping yet walking. Always disconnects Messages don't come through
Bad
Wast
Fundamental Glitch! I couldn't even log in or sign up to the app becasue it wouldn't let me past the pop up that requested a view the privacy policy. Every time I selected that I had reviewed the policy, the screen returbed back to the log in/sign up page and the loop continued
After about a month it quit connecting to my phone. I've tried everything to link them again & all I get is a message saying are connected checking for connectivity!? All the instructions are hard to read because the English is improper!! My phone shows that it has the YP59 when I run a scan. So frustrating!! Now I can't even use it as a watch since daylight savings started.. it didn't change the time ;(
good
Was working fine with my smartwatch then after disconnected and ever since I can't reconnect it
Not supporting my M66 or P3a plus Bands
Can not connect after 30 times connection tries...
Horrible
Updated software and lost almost 3 months of tracking data, very unhappy
Connected to the wristband once. Then never again. Have tried all the steps in the 'help' section several times. Very dissatisfied.
It won't connect to my samsung
Terrible app. Disconnects constantly and doesn't count my steps. It missed about 5000 steps today, and keeps giving me strange errors. I have a Samsung galaxy s9 and the Mgaolo smart watch. I'll be deleting the app and returning the watch.
Sucks, can't find any indo other than steps.
Only thing needed are alerts for "RCS" text messages. Those are not supported and do not show up on the watch. Since android moved to that type of messaging (no longer sms), it needs to happen. Update - app stopped working. Disconnects constantly. Turns my bluetooth off. Makes my watch useless. FIX THIS APP. Looks like plenty of people have recent issues. Otherwise - consumers...DO NOT purchase any watch that uses this until it's fixed.
Will not pair with android v8.
Won't connect to phone
Worst app, dosen't work properly, it's irritate. It dis connect with wrist band very frequently. It's need improvement and to be scecred. This app could be leaking phone information.
I just got my watch today and I downloaded this app and it keeps dropping the connection....I mean I barely have the watch for about 45 minutes and honestly I am already annoyed. Please fix this issue because I really like the watch and do not want to return it because of this.
Won't connect with watch (Smart life) what a time waster. Apparently developers couldn't care less. Would give 0 STARS IF POSSIBLE
कोई भी मत ख़रीदना मेरे अनुभव के आधार पर
Drains battery
Update: I got a notification from Playstore saying this app was Spyware. Q8 this is a scam. The company I bought it from didn't bother taking the item back, they gave me a refund and said I could keep the watch. I see why, it Doesn't work! Keeps saying "Pairing Rejected by Q8". Even after dozens of attempts, it doesn't work.
After few month the bracelet broke making the watch unuseable pressure and hearth no good tracks movement in sloo car tractor etc cheep but very poor quality
Nothing to talk about this APP please very stupid
Does not stay connected regardless of frequently restarting both the phone and the device. Blood pressure readings are inaccurate.
Will not connect to Galaxy S5
this app deleted my account tried to log back in it says account does not exis so cant connect to watch
I dont have issues with much but the app will not display my data thats been collected can only see whats on my tacker itself. Really kindof defeats the purpose of it. Help.
لايدعم اللغة العربية وهذا سيء وليست فيها ميزات كثيره والخلفيات سيئة وقليلة
Can't connect
Bought the watch because it had a blood pressure monitoring segment. Soon after purchase of the watch the H Band application dropped the blood pressure segment. Where did the blood pressure monitoring segment go? I need it back. I paid for the service, please bring it back or I will be forced to send the watch back before the return period is up.
I have had this device for 3 months. It worked great in the beginning but now wont even show the time. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times without any luck. I am going to file this device in the garbage!!!
App disconnects with mobile several times
Its a total joke it keeps stopping very hard to reconnect it ok when it works but really a waste of money buying the watch very disappointed
Too many problems
Impossible to pair... not what I was expecting. Historical not updating. Very disappointed.
I don't understand why you can't put in a way to have fun dials and backgrounds.
Potential unsafe report from eset security software
BP OUT OF WHACK Time incorrect.. .
does not connect
Since I've done the H band upgrade i cant connect my phone to the watch anymore !!
Can't even download the app. What a rip off
Not connecting
Such a horrible app!! It says it can't find any devices even when they are connected to my phone!
Set up is ridiculous, first thing it asks is skin color! Can't skip it! Plus it needs a lot of permissions.
Does not connect while bluetooth is on, reset, restarted phone, and watch, and force stoped the app under settings.
Useless, doesn't stay connected to mobile.
So after about five days I can no longer connect to device I've try to reinstall but still no luck. In all those days the tracker would tell me there was an error and to update but no update was available. Will be returning the device. Would not recommend to anyone or purchase again.
very bad app and device no lost function etc.
Worked ok for a while, now it just quit and company won't return my emails. Tossing this one to buy one that actually works.
Cannot turn on heart rate moniroring
Frustrating, useless app that demands all of your personal information at their disposal
I can not connect to my phone and when I emailed contact person for app I hve not heard back and it's been over a week
The band material is highly annoying. No grooves to stay in place. Slippery. Consistently adjusting throughout the day. Battery draining so much, charging up to twice a day. 🤦🏼
Rubbish - constantly disconnects from the watch so I get no text or call notifications - from reading reviews on here, it seems that people who complain get no help from the developer? Very bad customer service this is - PLEASE FIX!!!!!
App was working beautifully until today. Now it won't connect to my watch. I restarted my phone and deleted the app then downloaded it again. Still no connection. Very disappointed. WARNING: DO NOT HAVE MORE THAN ONE OF THIS DEVICE IN YOUR HOME Both devices keep connecting to the Apple app on my husbands phone. I cannot get mine to connect to this app. I'm deleting it and sending both devices back and getting something that will actually work for me.
Pile of puke does not stay connected. Garbage!!!!!
unstable
the device is unable to connect to my phone's Bluetooth and appears off. I followed all trouble shooting, phone is on strong single, device charging, turned off device, turned off phone, reset Bluetooth settings on phone and still unable to pair. The device still does not appear in Bluetooth settings and I am therefore unable to connect to the app and use it.
Will not connect! I I will not keep this it's useless
Cannot connect by band via Bluetooth this app doesn't seem to work
It worked well for about two days then, it kept disconnecting for no reason! and the BP is completly off. Cannot rely on it. it also keeps giving me the sleep data with the wrong date! I have tried to fix the date but it wont work. Has a lot of bugs that Need to be fixed!!!
Stopped monitoring anything after the first day.
Never stays connected.
Could not download???
It's dreadful, have this watch a month, no matter what I do, the watch won't connect to my phone, I have read all the help solutions etc, nothing works, so disapointed
it will disconnect and connecting very differently
App wont ever sync with bluetooth! Fix this...
My phone's bluetooth picks up the band no problem, but the app can't discover it no matter how many times I exit or restart etc. Pretty useless
App has never work from day one ,bought a Samsung active watch software is great.
please add more watch face designs maybe a watch face design option
Not work property
Older band will not connect to save me. Used to work when i first got the Q8. It is stuck on 4.0 and cannot even update it due to not connecting to my phone.
Always disconnects. Shouldn't have to turn on location to pair with a Bluetooth watch. Stupid.
Keep on disconnecting when new update was installed...please fix
It won't let me connect my watch
why can't i connect the watch with the phone? tried like one gazzilion times, and still not working...
The only part that is operating is the recording of steps, and a constant message to wear the strap correctly, no heart or blood test or record
7/12 Still not capturing data from device to app, though device shows screen data. 7/6 Past 4 days the app is continuously '"reading data" yet not updating data showing in device. Just updated app, no change. Unable to transfer data in app to new phone. No timer for (one use) extras: heart, breathing, respiratory or track their history; Only fatigue has timer and history. Do not like the dashboard display, it was difficult to find the extra trackings, and they don't function proper.
Constantly disconnects from phone !!!!
ok
The app worked for awhile but now will not pair up with my device. Very frustrating.
Its very intrusive, won't work without access to entire device. Even without needing to use sms etc. This app won't work without matching a skin color.
I had this watch since Christmas 2019 (3+ months)...This app will not link to my watch nor does it keep track of any history. I still cannot connect or change the time to spring forward. I have power off my phone and watch and NOTHING changed. This watch does not compare to my old one for the same price by apps and the watch itself. SUPER disappointed that I am considering switching back to the old one until I get the acutal Fitbit watch. This app for this watch is 👎.
Very annoyed. The watch worked fine to start with and connected to the app no problem. Then after a couple of weeks the watch just disconnected and wouldn't pair again. So i sent the watch back. I've just received the new one and guess what?.... it won't pair with the app!!!!!!! Grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr Not impressed
This thing is terrible. It keeps disconnecting, doesn't track sleep at all, doesn't track steps correctly
Fails to connect more often than not, reads data to completion about half the time. Makes the paired device basically useless, buy a different device!
Privacy risk
It wouldn't even let me sign up.
Stopped working within the 1st week.
It never has data for my daily activity. I'll open the app and it says no data. It's even taken steps from me. My watch said I had over 4,000 but I opened the app and it took over 1,000 steps saying it was closer to 3,100? Sleep tracker not great either....
Very disappointed with watch and app. If you read this before you buy it - don't bother. Recieved it yesterday and was so excited, yet it disappointed me through the day so I thought I would try and give it longer to see if it just needed time to get used to me. It tracks 'steps' with every movement - including breathing. Doesn't track your heart rate or Blood pressure - thats manually required. Have slept in it and it didn't even track my sleep, instead IT SWITCHED ITS SELF OFF (FULL BATTERY).
My H Band app worked all of one day.Now it completely will not connect.I am SO disappointed!!!!
No longer connects after Android update, was a very poor at random disconnecting before but has now stopped connecting all together Looks like developers have abandoned the app now Very badly behaved app that doesn't follow the dev standards Looks like the devs are putting up loads of bad English fake spam reviews now as well. Now the latest update has included more bad programming: restart Bluetooth instead of refresh and heart rate monitoring stopping working all together. Amateurish.
Won't connect with my Samsung S3. So time is wrong
This app is the worst. My resting heart rate is around 60bpm but this app says 223. Ecg is a joke and sleep tracking is wholly unreliable. Buy a fitbit at least they work.
Keeps disconnecting needs to be fixed. Apart from that app is ok
This app is rubbish tbh !! Basic and always disconnecting from my ph!! I t need to improve it a.s.a.p🙄
This app I don't understand why are show me new update but is not working
It's Very Stressing To Connect The App To My Wristband. I Try To Connect It But It Just Says I Must Restart My Bluetooth, And When I Restart Still Can't Connect!!!!😬😬
it doesn't connect to my watch. Help please.
Difficult to connect to phone
does not work
I cannot down load the app. So, it is essentially useless.
I love this when I 1st got it worked great for days took it off to charge it now can't get the app to work from watch won't connect. worthless
Horrible watch. Don't get it I would rate a zero if I could. Steps were way way way way off
THE WATCH KEEPS DISCONNECTING FROM MY PHONE!!!! VERY INFURIATING!!! Also the app doesn't keep track of stuff like it's suppose to, because the watch doesn't stay connected. I DO NOT RECOMMEND THIS WATCH OR APP!!!
It doesn't work, blank screen when looking for device and stops there for hours, repited process. Time waster.
No support. Does not connect to Jefit or Google Fit. Does not connect to Outlook. Has no generic gym mode.
Not working. I tryed like million time to restart phone and watch and nothing
Watch or app DONT WORK
Why do you need access to my phone logs and texting??! Won't work without that apparently.
Does not work.
Work for weeks then stop downloading onto my phone. Tried reinstalling, restarting, stopping and resetting bluetooth, still not downloading info onto phone. Sucks!
اردد
Watch won't connect to Bluetooth or app. If it's a smart watch then it should be connecting to all types of smart phones. Otherwise further development is needed. UI on watch is not good. Can't change the time and date on watch or app. Gone through all the necessary help to try & connect and nothing works. App asks for too much permission and even with that, watch is still useless. Will be sending back watch for refund and deleting the app. Think ill just close my eyes & buy a fitbit or garmin.
They steal your info and are pretty upfront about it. -After you've got the watch.
Only records steps no other activists like biking or workouts
Hated it
Doesn't connect to watch
Impossible to synk the DATE!! Totally unfriendly!
also i cant leave the phone on the teapo near my sofa. no long than 15cms
I am unable to put this h band on the right time and date
Can't find smart watch
Trash app. Returned my "smart" watch because this app is so terrible. If you are installing this app... you purchased a crappy fitness device.. sorry
Figured out the blood pressure problem. Now it's not synchronizing to my phone.
Doesn't allow me to get past permissions to set up my watch
Directions poor. Cant even put in correct time
Keep having to reinstall due to not connecting or staying connected
Keeps disconnecting and lose all data, have to reinstall app often.
I just got smart watch from apollo and am finding it difficult to charge. Can I get directions from anyone please?
not connecting with the Timothy stone smart watch
The Device is not recognized easily . I have to log out the app, then log in in order to recognize it. Even if I manage to connect the device, it won't viberate to show new notifications unless the app is open in the background. Awful
not work
Never connected. Tried reinstalling, restarting, all possible suggestions and nothing.
This is no good cannot even pair my phone I have been trying since yesterday.
Last update, app no longer works right. Can't connect most of the time. Amount of sleep and times I wake up TOTALLY WRONG!!! NOT WORTH THE TIME OR MONEY!
Won't connect. We shouldnt neeeeed and account either. Ditch that and work on the app.
Disconnects more than connected. Gotta be china junk.
Not working and no clues or help to resolve the problem
This watch, app, and written instructions are not user friendly. I do not recommend it.
So annoyed!! Any update so that I can pair my watch?? Please. My watch won't work.
Does not integrate with Google fit. Read some of the other reviews about this app taking over your phone and they we right. Keeps asking for access to my locastion, microphone, camera, contacts, text messaging and phone call functions. This stupid app only needs access to storage, notifications, and bluetooth. No one will give you access to all that other stuff unless you have a good reason for needing it. I'm almost prepared to shell out for an actual Fitbit and get free of this suspicious app.
not able to pair with Samsung S10 plus
I've been trying for a while but the app won't connect to the watch. Is there anything I can do?
This just won't connect to the watch from my phone. There's a Bluetooth connection between the devices, but the app won't connect, no matter how often i close/open the app, close/open Bluetooth, restart the phone, reinstall the app. This makes the watch almost useless
nothing works waste of time
Unacceptable privacy policy!!! Unusable to me without login that compromises my privacy.
Just bought the Blackview X1 and downloaded this app. Using both for 5 days now. Like the watch but the app is way too buggy! Using a Samsung S9+ and using the native SMS and email apps. Have calls and SMS checked. Get watch notifications for a few text messages but not all. The native email app is not listed. In 'other apps' some apps on my phone appear randomly checked for notifications whenever I go in it. Going to have to return the watch because of the app. Can't use one without the other.
Can not pair with phone!!!!!!
It worked at the start, now it doesn't connect to my device and every time I turn my phone on and off I have to reconnect which is a pain because it takes so long to reconnect. Really disappointed.
piece of shxx app wants too many permissions. UNINSTALLED! fitness band worthless anyway! 🖕🏽
Only connected to my phone once now won't connect at all.😥
Only show notifications on watch if app is open full screen
Generally the watch has everything but I have not been able to connect the app. Was running for a few weeks but tried all help suggestions, no success. Is the developer still around? So disappointed!
Not connected to Q8 New wear watch
The app disconnects easily and today won't reconnect. The watch and the app are less than 6 inches apart. I have followed the instructions in the help section without success. One more bad review for a lousy app!! Just tried one more time. I have no idea why an app with a purpose such as this needs to make and manage phone calls or the names of my contacts. I will not complain to any to anyone but the scamming producer who is nothing but a personal info collector. What is advertised is not true!
workes for one day and now will not connect to my device despite restart, update, restart d vice, restart phone, restart Bluetooth....crappy app.
Won't stop running on my phone, even tried to force quit, only option is to uninstall
Well in the beginning my only complaint was that the sleep is not accurate most days now it won't work with my device at all so I'm deleting it and just using the device without the app
My actual blood pressure was 173 over 121 at the doctor's office. This thing said it was 117 over 79! Definitely not usable for medical device.
Doesn't work!!
Not working in android mobil phone so please guide me how to proper connect with my samsung j2 pro android phone
I have a Galaxy S10 I have installed the application and I can't connect the band to my S10. That's weird.... Fix that issue and I'll give you 5 stars
it sucks
BAD
Horrible! A piece of junk. I have toninstall the app every second day!!!!
Very poor app. Doesn't synchronize HR and BP measures taken with the band to the phone. After installing app the phone battery drains like crazy. Viber is not among the apps with notifications. If you select Other notifications in order to recieve viber ones on band, you become mad with every single (even hidden) phone notificarions ( my advice, dont't even try to navigate as your band will vibrate constantly) Definetly, the worst choice i have ever made on band and respectively app.
The app and tracker are trash. It is not synching my sleep. So I'm not too sure the rest of data is accurate.
Bought the watch on Ebay for $32, so not a big investment. However, when I downloaded this application, I thought I would be able to see/respond to text, facebook, email, etc. As I went into the application and enables everything. The interface does not do ANYTHING as advertised, other than tell the time. Application is worthless......
Please add more watch faces like analog watch.
Used to read my sleep perfectly but since last update its reading my sleep completely wrong.
i cant get it to link up.i cant get the time to change. how do you cange the time.
Junk
Cannot connect. Says account doesn't exist.
So I recently bought the Q9 and for some reason my phone is freezing up and sometimes refuses to switch on. I've upgraded my software and everything but I seem to think that it's the H Band app that's causing this. Please assist? And does the watch need the app to work or can it work without the app?
useless. just received watch this morning. installed app. doesn't work! sending watch back to Amazon. shame. this nicer that the brand I had before.
Intermittently stops working/disconnects and only notifies me of about a third of my incoming texts and emails. Needs to be more consistent.
continuously the connection drops, pretty bad
Will not connect to watch, have done everything is said. Love the look of the watch, just not the app.
Can't get messages. Counts steps and heart rate. Won't track sleep or send any notifications. ALL permissions and notifications enables on both phone Blackview 9600E and Blackview X1 watch. Uninstalled and reinstalled same thing. Bummer.
Will not record sleep, sometimes watch will give hours but nothing on app then sometimes nothing on watch or app. Probably sending back.
I have 3 weeks with my watch, at the beginning it was working great with the app but a week ago the app stop connecting. I tried many times connecting, I even restarted the app and nothing. My phone is a Samsung S8 Active I downloaded the app version 2.0 and it worked only 2 days. I downloaded the app version 3.0 on my old phone Samsung Note 3 and it is working only to synchronize and check all my data. I hope they fix it soon, if not I will buy another brand of watch. Bought it on Amazon.
Awful. Cannot download the app....csnt turn bluetooth on it without it. What a waste of money.
If something else is connected to Bluetooth, the watch does not connect.
The app isnt syncing to the watch properly and i find that highly annoying
Don't have this any more
It will not stay connected to my phone. I have to keep connecting it. It's frustrating. Please FIX
The device turned off and I am unable to start it, I have just purchased it 15 days back
It's not working at all load of Rubbish no Star Rating not worth it
Baight the watch, can't update the time because the app won't pair with the watch. I'd give 0 stars if I could. Soooo frustrating.
Unable to get this app to work on new phone and do not have the Q code for the device. This is not to use a friendly device have had multiple issues and no one ever responds to the questions another overseas item that no one can ger help with.
Attempted numerous times to download this app, which is constantly hanging up - waiting on download - for hours. Can't use the watch.
Does not RECORD,
Its good for a starter piece but i will be looking at the more expensive watches. Hopefully the apps are more efficient. I work nights and sleep during the day. The sleep counter is not accurate so i honestly dont believe any of the data is. You get what you pay for so i dont revommend if youre serious about seeing the data. Splurge and do it right the 1st time.
Doesnt let u sign up
My watch wont connect to Bluetooth 😡
Stuck in a loop while opening :((
Had the watch for a month. Battery only lasts about 3 days. Why does the app need to know your location also why does the app need to take over your phone. Big brother watching is what this stinks of. Can't get it to connect so have now uninstalled and won't bother and will continue use as watch and nothing else. Not impressed. Also developer why have you not answered my questions. Customer service is non existant
Cannot get bp or sleep to register. Now cant reset my password.
we are in America! why is there no option to change kilo to pound! and there is nothing amazing about this app! the most boring I have tried.
junk app. doesnt connect to watch anymore.
I used to give this 4 stars now only one.Since the last update the sleep portion is getting a bit stupid. Walking info not working properly anymore. HM
It's a total waste of time. Worked beautifully for a couple of weeks and then lost connection completely I've tried uninstall then reinstalled but just is unable to connect to my smart watch. So very disappointed.
not sure
Essentially useless app. The bugs are almost too numerous to name, but a few would include constant unbinding with the watch, requires uninstall/reinstall numerous times during the day, fails to indicate SMS and phone alerts, randomly turns on/off notifications of various apps, etc. I do not recommend this app or the watch (Blackview X1 Smartwatch) which is quite overpriced.
Poor won't connect to watch maps don't work
I'm frustrated with this app. It was working great on my iphone but I had to get an android phone since it was cheaper and it won't connect via bluetooth. What am I doing wrong? Please advise
Watch will not connect with samsung j7 to sync time and date.
after an update app is not loging in and not connecting to device...!!!! Solve this...!!! S8 plus
shocking
Have to keep hooking up to Bluetooth.
Won't connect to the watch. All I have to say. WONT. CONNECT. Like the app doesnt even know the watch is there. I have done all the steps on the help screen 10 times just in case and it doesn't show up on the device connect screen If I could give 0 stars I would.
Cant paired with android
Will be returning this piece of junk. Horrible all around.
It does not work with Wear OS
8/17 ok now im losing steps while running. I reached 10,500 steps and wanted to hit 12k for the day .. 5 minute in i look at my progress and im back to 9500.. i got back to 10500 again and quit. Now today App says I did 9400 steps ! UNREAL! 7/26-update app now is crashing and then freezing my entire phone..uninstall/reinstall made it worse ... . Cmon guys fix it!
Doesn't stay connected
initially it worked just fine, however lately it disconnects and restarted both devices(phone and band) are not working. Majority of the time this happens and then it connects again unpredictable.
Does not download
I am unable to sing in the app even tried doing reset password bt app is not sending any code over email bt asking for code before submitting new password Such a disfunctional app
Garbage app, doesn't work and super buggy.
Can't pair bracelet with my (android) phone. Error msg - "W10 rejected pairing"
Can't log in to m4
The device works,bt the app says not connecting checked bluetooth connection won't come on . what a waste
My watch would not sync with the app almost ever, and I got constant push notifications.
This app sucks. Sends messages to the watch until you step out of the Bluetooth range, then doesn't reconnect to the watch when you come back. Once you uninstall the app, you lose notification dots on your phone. Makes the watch pretty much worthless, then screws up your phone. I've installed and uninstalled this app a half dozen times because I like the X1 watch, but not enough to sacrifice the other app functions.
This app can't be paused. It can't be forced to stop. It sucks. It runs all the time.
Garbage. Watch will not connect to my phone and therefore the app and watch are worthless. Buy from America company.
It says h band is running but it is not connected
Screen won't swipe anymore after just a week of having it
Cant get it to connect to phone and now it is telling me some other bs
Keeps disconnecting, wont recieve texts. Please fix these issues.
What is going on with this app. It won't connect to my band and so I uninstalled it and reinstalled and now I'm unable to do a password reset. I'm just going round in circles!
Worse than horrible
Worked good for the 1st month I had this watch. Now it's not connected at all just vibrates all the time showing a phone and a watch. The bp monitoring is way off no where near mine runs. Mine is high and this says mine is normal. Need better quality out of the watches
This is a spy gadget to steal your data. If you dont give the app permition to transfer all of your photos and files to their server it does not let you use the app. This suposse to be a health tracker , why they are after your personal file and photo???????
Unable yo connect to my dido watch
The leads falling off and maintain posture error message is making me nuts.
No option to turn off sound, and the vibration function doesn't work.
The phone didn't vibrate. I checked settings, but couldn't get it to work.
Shittttr af
Didn't work
Didn't work no matter what I did in the settings.
doesn't even vibrate.. like literally not at all. i turn it on and there's no vibration
Trash
Good but motar power not increase
Very weak.
doesn't work for me
Not fast enough and too weak
TELL ME HOW TO TURN IT ON
dosent vibrate at all it sucks my Gf was exited about this one but now so disappointed
Gay
Not vibrating hard enough
×××WARNING×××Would give it a 0 if I could. This thing dont do anything and I did everything except blow it up so I'm uninstalling the bull and checking out some other one!
Ugh
Doesn't even vibrate for my phone
A let down
Sucks
I don't understand how it works😐
Phone overheat
Eh
This app doesn't work...don't waste time downloading it.
This app sucks ass no stars givwn
So many intrusive ads
wrost appp
Bad very bad
Terrible
I can barely feel it it's not good don't recomend
Why the vibrate doesn't work
Locks up with "Loading" messages frequently and intensity is hard to turn down -- need to build my own patterns in "VibraBuilder" to get it at lower intensity, and even then it's a bit much.
Not the best
No massage vib app sus
Too weird
It doesn't vibrate enough waste of time. The vibration is terrible.
Does not even start.
It doesn't let me turn it on
Haha
I like when it does it's so hard
Installed it. Not working. Uninstalled.
This is a bad app
Its all about ads
Did not cum, also 2 many ads in jo sesh
Way to many ads
It sucks
Have to pay, hell no
This is me before I try
Found my 8 yr old brother with my phone in his pants with this app just washed my phone thank God its waterproof
Adds nothing but adds
The vibrations are very strong at all
Nice😥
I thought this is for massaging backs!!
Vibrates but tons of ads
BAD
Bad ads
It don't vibrates
Not strong at all
It sucks walmart still have the best 😘😘
Sucked
Fake
Very bad
It was not that great but it affected speaker of my phone. Before it was best now it's bit glitch and not clear so no stars for not stating this before
Not strong enough
Did nothing
Did not vibrate at all.
Its not woring
Horrible
Not strong
It was really not worth my time
Not good at massaging my back
It's not vibrating at all.. WHYYYYY? I enabled vibration mode in my settings but still didn't work....
There isnt a way to take my debit card out of the system. And Customer service hasnt responded to my two emails
Not as good
Terrible
Worst
Vibrations are good but nothing but ads every time to change the vibration pattern!
Now my phone's speaker doesn't work
vibration not strong
i ain't touching yalls phone
Did not help with neck pains AT ALL!
Lmfao yall nasty affff
HORRIBLE APP. MY PHONE VIBRATION DOES NOT WORK ANYMORE AFTER DOWNLOADING THIS APP. IT LITERALLY BROKE THE VIBRATION.
Weak
Don't work
Does not vibrate, almost everything would cost money.
cannot works vibration in my mobile
No vibrations just noises
No hardly gt
No vibration and my cramps are killing me😭
Not too strong
Wont work
It didn't work, I even checked to make sure my settings were on
Ugh
This app a Sucks it foesnt even work
Not strong enough to separate pumpkin seeds. Edit: Or smooth the surface of baking soda.
What is it supposed to go on
Not the greatest
Pepole bully me at school becus this app im at 2 grade and i dont lik th billying
Literally worse than AIDS
Wasn't satisfied 😉
I don't feel any better is finger your self
SCAM. no vibrate at all 🖕🏻
Doesn't even vibrate
IM NOT EVEN GONNA RATE NOTHIIIINGGG?!!!
Does not work
Not strong or intense
Every day we stray further from God
Too many adds and doesn't vibrate at all!!
Treabel
A dildo with advertisements
didn't work
😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠😠
not strong enough. I can't feel anything
Didn't vibrate. Not even after I activated vibrating mode and paid $1.99. I want a refund of my money.
Even after doing the recommended setting adjustments,the vibration still didn't work. Don't waste your time
You still need to pay...
Ad everytime I press start...
Good
It's to loud
I don't like it im unstalling it fast
too many ads, anoying ads
Doesn't really work unless your phone has a good natural vibration
Didnt work
Very low
No control over vibration intensity 👎👎👎👎
Super weak! It can't even massage my hand.
I lyk it
Good
No function
Contains ads? Is more ads than application.
Didn't vibrate, only played sound. None of the patterns worked. Uninstalled.
Sh$te
Stupid app
Bad
Like no use! The worst app. I came here with many expectations but this app disappointed me.😭
No vibration even with vibration active in settings
It deosnt work
Why is this on the Google play?
Not clear how to choose your pattern. When you click inside vibrabuilder on a block - it always stuck with loading.
easyand very simple to use but the problem is that I CANT USE IT. I cant feel any vibrations at all. I went to settings and enabled my vibration mode but when i went back to the app it still didn't vibrate, Im so sad. please fix this
Kinda sus ngl
Eh
doesnt work
the vibration it provides is not that strong.
Boring
Its doesnt work at all
Doesn't do anything 👎🏼👎🏼
Doesn't vibrate at all. Doesn't play sounds. Completely useless and annoying waste of time.
Too much ads
Don't download it installed a virus on my phone
It doesn't rates my vibe
Did not work felt no vibration
Poopoo
To much ads.
It doesnt even vibrate
It did vibrate but it wouldnt stop unill i restarted my phone and it wasnt even a strong enough vibration to help with my problem
YOU CANT GO HIER ON THE IN TENSITY 😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠 I AM SO DISIPOIN TED 😭😭😭😭😓😓😓😓😱😱😱😰😰😰😨😨😨😿😿😿😿 GRRRR
Nice
It is nice
Doesnt work at all
Installed, uninstalled. Seriously 108 CZK for a vibration mode? That is ridiculous. And why would I want to create an account? Nope.
They don't let you try but one setting before you have to rate
back hurt. Didn't work
Didn't work as I thought it would 😏
It doesn't work at all
Doesn't work for Motorola phone 👎
Not working
Weak vibration, need to go see a massage therapist lol
Please just let me do what I need to do
0 stars if I could. I purchase the other modes and can't use them on my partner. Want my money back asap!!!
Why make this play store should remove these types of games
I just hate it
It wants me to pay, no thanks.
Bla
It's not free and it's boring
Wasted
Pathetic
Ok
Just an ad fest!
Im not sure y but it doesnt vibrate
Idk
made me rate, but didn't work
How are we supposed to pay unless we get a sample out of the option which are given within the app .?
Makes you rate to use
Meh
Not intense enough
won't massage
It doesn't really give me pleasure😓😢
Not free
It sucks
Phone over heat and after a payment it kept saying error and wouldnt let me choose to turn of the fire sounds and change vibration to slow or faster.
All about buying content. No vibration unless u pay
Bought it but it still saying I have to pay...
Schlecht!
This app sucks like there is no vibration and u gotta pay to do everything all those 5 star reveiws are fake as hell this app is terrible i dont recomend AT ALL
😑
there's only 2 settings to pick from, if you extended the variety of different vibrations
Asking for rating before working
So f$#@in stupid
Whst kind of idiots make these apps. Just a stop you suck at it
I've read all the coments and ew, I thought it was for massaging the tight spots on your body, BUT NOPE!
do idea how to use, it doesn't vibrate
y uh
Ok
Doesn't work sadly
Doesn't work and has sneaky "buy this feature modes" (why? no clue) that are easy to accidentally buy for $8. If you click into the make username menu, you literally can't escape without closing the app.
Will change the rating when I get to play with this some more. Forcing someone to rate just to use is bad business, but it's better than a pay wall 🤷🏾‍♂️
Horrible
hdhew
Don't work no like me
Hate this I cant get wet and it wants me to buy vip dont get it
horrible
Didn't work
Ok
Pop up to rate before used.. bit dumb
Nice
Totally didn't do anything
I was actually inspired by the video about the weight loss programs they offer as it was relatable ,however this app is just useless as the programs do not want to reload. I've tried uninstalling and installing it again, but still the same problem occurs. The advertisements and long reads are tiring as they keep promoting their products.
No actual value, no trial or sample training. All you can see is that guy talking. I would suggest having alot of training videos like in YouTube and if the user likes some of them he should pay for the entire program. In current format app is totally worthless
The worst app, it doesn't make anything, it just opened long videos, and websites, you have to write down your meals, count down your calories, it's like I paid for nothing... It gives you "good" examples of meals and that's it.
Basically you download a video. thats it. if i could give 0 i would.
Well i can access nothing they just say I have to purchase it. they don't say how
The app doesn't work at all. Can't get passed pick your gender
I downloaded the app and then read the reviews , I uninstalled the app . If my comment is the first one you guys see, I read the reviews don't download this app it's a waste of time and money potentially. There's plenty of YouTube videos out there that can help you lose weight or fat . Guys like this are idiots going on like he's in some fantastic shape he's just like an average guy . You'll never succeed in your business because all you do is mug people off . Bloody idiot
it is not a free app that is a lie and everything is a trial and it only gives you a week free which is retarded trying to lose weight not spend money on more stuff that's not going to work
I can't just sign in. It doesn't remember my password. So frustrated
In the advertisement video u told that only 03 days in a week we have to do exercises but in the apps daily workout plan daily exercise are mentioned and on the top of this for beginners it is impossible to make all the exercises in one day coz my body is really shaking after 03 exercises..it is wastage of money and time only
Not free as advertised on facebook
doesn't work
I found the exercises quite low intensity and the diet is really expensive! Also make sure you really want this app as vshred will not give you a refund as quick as they say, they tell you to go through Google play, but Google play say its not in their policy to refund for this app, so MAKE SURE you wang to waste £50approx on it
Very disappointed with the apps advertisement. Every ad I saw said it was free, so I was expecting free and immediately it was charging asking for money. I would not recommend this app.
The app wont work once I logged in... paid for the program but it's not even working on the phone
"FREE" what a joke. free means free, if its a trail say so in the begining not after you take the time to download and try. what a joke
This app is taking FOREVER to download!!!!
I have downloaded the app on 2 different android devices now. After login I click gender and it crashes. Not a great start.
it's not helpful at all
Macro calculator will not calculate my macros. Sets everything to 0
Nice app
it wants you to take diet pills
It's V - Shred. I just saw this app and for anyone who doesn't pay attention to fitness personalities online V-Shred is well known for giving out bad advise. I saw an add for this app and he said "are you tired of paying for trainers that don't care about you?" After looking through some of the reviews of the app crashing shortly after starting the workout and the pricey premiums on this app. He's doing exactly what he's claiming not to do.
Sorry to say that this app is not downloading to my phone. I paid for the 90 days program through an advertisement from Instagram and I really need my money back. I was not even able to open this app. Disappointed
it was horrible totally rip off i should have listened to the comments if you read the comments and find really good ones thats the company bc they know its bad so they have to get ppl to comment good reviews for them DO NOT spend any money or time on this usless app btw their are way more negtive then postive reviews....*cough cough scam*
Paid for subscription then downloaded the app. The app crashes after the gender question, every time, even after re-downloading. I attempted to ask on the private Facebook post if anyone else has the issue but it wasn't approved by the admins. I also tried to email about the issue and I have not gotten a response. Without the app, the service is probably not worth it. May need to request a refund unless there is resolution soon. From other reviews it appears to be a widespread issue.
Atleast say it is full on free ..your ads that the guy promote these never mentioned trials😠😠
I unistalled cause as usual with such advertisements, they lied. The guy was ssyaing on FB that the program will be free. Guess he meant the app only. Well his loss.
Very bad only interested in selling tablets that can cost hundreds of pounds you don't reveal this till you commit. VERY BAD WAY TO DO BUSINESS!!!
Was excited till after the 30 minute intro video and everything on my screen is trial. Needs to be updated from in app purchases to you must buy this app to use it.
HAHA vshreds a bad joke man, like extremely bad, false information, bad workout form, unprovem studies (Ive been through your study references, either duplicates or stuff from men's daily or some other dumb website anyone could look up) and just misleading all the out of shape people into a ditch, please just end your program before you hurt to many people, I could sue your company for some factors, even had a lawyer look at it and said I could have a valid case. <3 (watch Jeremy Eithier)
The app crashes when you enter male or female. Will not work.
They lie about flat rate prices and hide recurring charges in fine print. Scetchy business management. I got my money back and I'll not do business with ANY SCETCHY APPS from facebook again.
As soon as I installed the language on my phone keyboard changed. Uninstalled immediately.
Wasted my money for same content on other apps
None of the videos are working for me, even after I updated the app. I bought the $57 dollar deal and programs included in the package (recipe guide and the booty builder) are not loading at all either. I feel really cheated and disappointed.
Can't get passed the "are you female or male" question in the very beginning of app. I select one and it just closes. Super irritating
When I go to look at the details for a meal, it won't let me scroll down to see more of the details.
This app does not work. Such a disapointment and waste of money. Refund please.
You still haft to pay uh ok
Big lipservice!!!low delivery,tricky subscription with hidden charge and millions of marketing emails(5/DAY!!!) BETTER TO HIRE A 1TO1 COACH!!!!! Ive found very disappointing, you offered me lifetime access for $49 and a month later charge me again. My bank said coz I accept your T&C and there it is a subscription service, basically, it is a trick to charge me. U overcharged when I subscribed, than 1 month later again!
Will not open. I just got the program. Plz fix
The app wasn't exactly what I had expected and not really that useful to me. I did request a refund through google and the company itself because they specifically said there was a 30 day money back guarantee for the 90 day program, however, they are refusing to issue a refund. Do your research before purchasing because they will keep your money. No risk free guarantee here. Lesson learned.
I decided that I did not want this program 3 days after signing up. I requested a refund that is guaranteed within 30 days from google play and they directed me to contact the developer. When I did they said they can't do anything and that it is up to Google Play. I just want my money back from a program that I will not use.
It just kept on showing the same video it didn't help really I am still fat and not good looking
Your adverts have atrotious flashing lights to get peoples attention, and give them a headache
I just downloaded the app and it wont stay open as soon as i push female it turns off.
It's a scam, once you buy the "program" then they send you to this app which is exactly like every other basic exercise program Then you have to purchase even more exercise programs because it doesn't include good ones with the initial purchase. After all that BS they try to sell you everything under the sun. THIS IS NOT A MIRACLE DIET, its basic at best and only meant to get your info so they can sell you their supplements. The initial video is completely misleading and flat out a LIE.
No they do not do what they say they're going to do unless you pay ALL the extra money. Don't waste your time. Just eat healthy and exercise. Boom.
Just bought the 90 day program, but cannot even get past the first page on the app (either on my phone or tablet) where it asks if I'm male or female!! App just closes. So dissapponted.
You really deleted my review. Nicely done lmao. Don't download, misleading and dangerous app!
I saw a youtube ad for this app. Went on the link and saw a half an hour video and honestly thought it was a good app and then I went and downloaded the app and then I see it and its paid😭. I honestly get irritated by these ads which say that you know " this is the only way to lose fat and you won't find this anywhere else " and play with your feelings and make you download them. And then when you angry and write a bad review they reply "we are sorry you feel that way. Good luck and we hope..."
Let me just start by saying if I am offered another discount or see another ad for supplements I may just freak out. After watching a high level marketing video making me feel good about buying into this program and being told supplements are definitely NOT a must I have been bombarded with nothing but supplement promotions. Send your developers back to the drawing board to create an app that works the way your marketing technique does and STOP PUSHING SUPPLEMENTS.
not useful
I don't know about whether this program is as good as it is promised to. What I do know, is that I am told (in the ad) that I get a free app, and in fact I get a lot of talk, and some trial program, and no food plan unless I'm willing to pay 175 USD. That's manipulation of terms. The app is free to download, but you can get really little use of it unless you are willing to pay quite a decent sum. I am disappointed and sorry I actually believed the ad and downloaded the app.
Would'nt let me finish servey for some reason.
Just a waste of 50 dollars.nothing more than any other free apps.in order to achieve other products you have to pay all the time.generally it asks you to do what all those apps tell you for free.these workouts can be found for free so i just want my money back.it is a waste.Dont download it.
good tips bad program
Hello VSHRED, I SAW YOUR ADD/ADVERTISEMENT ON YOUTUBE WHILE WAITING FOR MY ORIGINAL YOUTUBE VIDEO TO COME FORTH. AND EVENTUALLY ENDED UP WATCHING YOUR ADVERTISEMENT ALL THE WAY THROUGH, YOU WAS SPEAKING MY LANGUAGE ON HOW TO GET RID OF THE EXTRA ABS. AND WENT FORTH TO GET THIS GREAT 90 DAY TRIAL FOR FREE, AND FOUND OUT THAT THE 90 DAY TRIAL FOR FREE IS NOT FREE. AND NOW THAT I PAID FOR IT HOW CAN I TAKE MY CARD INFO OFF, ASAP??? THANKS
I had to pay when he said it was free 😒
"The only pounds you'll loss regularly is from your wallet." Signed up after seeing the ads constantly on my social media. However I quickly realised that all you get is a lot of pep talks and speal telling you what you've been doing wrong. On top of this you get countless email trying to get you to upgrade or buy supplements. Within less than 20 days I had 49 emails... 49 all suggesting add this to your basket, these supplements will enhance the programme. This is not what I signed up for!
After buying the V Shred program I have tried multiple times to download this app to my phone and it never downloads just keeps circling sayimg waiting for download.
Not ok. They claim 60 days for refund if whatever reason its needed. Thats a lie. I have been having nothing but problems with them. This app is not worth the hassel from them.
This app is absolutely terrible. Along with the other comments DONT DOWNLOAD IT. It makes you pay for just about everything and is constantly asking you to buy supplements. You know how disappointed I was I find out that the very motivational video that I actually enjoyed was a let down in the rip off to the app that's useless. I'm actually offended and V Shred don't come at me with the "we're trying to make it a positive experience" or "we're sorry for your confusion" because it's bs. STOP IT
All they do for you is flood your inbox with offers to buy supplements. Don't waste your money, all the info they provide you can get it free from other sources. They don't personalize anything.
When a workout is completed there is no way to mark or tick as completed in the android version. Also there are too many ads. Not great. What annoyed me the most was the direction and instruction in the workout videos. An example, the timer starts while the exercises are still being explained, so straight away I am losing out. As someone who tries to use their time efficiently and get the most value, I found this highly irritating and unprofessional.
It will never download l gave you my money and everything
After I paid for the package and after they send me my login, I try to run the app and it just don't work. I can log in ok but after that, it tells you to pick your gender and it simply crashes. All... The.. Time. I would love to try it out, but...
just downloaded the app can't even set my bday need to go back by months! text doesn't fit into boxes! badly designed app.
Dumb and stupid should be free
Major bug on this app. Cannot even get past the male / female option. App closes immediately. As a client, how do we get to view what we have purchased?
I just finished the first 2 exercises for day 1 and I am already on the verge of collapse, literally. I have never done so many reps and sets in a week let alone a day. Suggestion; individual specific programs based on information obtained through a quick question session. Work at one's own pace... This app is gone...
Misleading advertisements. Do not provide what it promised. Save your money.
There is nothing for free except an hour long lecture which i got tired of in 5 mins
Seen this through Snapchat. Waste of time. Just google some good diet plans and workouts for the body type you want and you'll get better information for less hassle.
Not free stop lying
Broken after recent update on July 4th. Many things like personal items and booty builder just show up as computer code language. Please fix. I am using an android.
NZ accumulates MASSIVE international fees, I was not aware of the ongoing monthly payments. No information easily accessible on app to help notify me of ongoing payments or instructions to remove credit card information. Wait time to recieve supplements are very long coming to NZ. Wait times to navigate the app and emails are too long 24-48 hours. Overall experience, HARD, money waster! No option or choice to stop any videos. Meal coaching was not good! Programme did not work, didn't feel safe
Biggest fraud in the fitness industry
"And I'll do it all for free (for 5 days)"
this app is not work. Don't install this app
This app is always crashing is it just mine always stopping my work out to reload is there a problem with this app ?
Very uncomfortable application. Every click redirects you to the site. There is no tracking of the training days you did. The only way to remember what day you are - write it down on the side paper. LMFAO! The pursuit of earnings is very annoying - every morning you get an email from Vincent saying that training without V Shred supplements is impossible and you should buy it right now as it will help your diet and only today there is a big discount just for you. I wouldn't recommend it!
when you do the suvey and you on the queshtion where it aske how comphertable are you with your body. i choose my answer and it says that i didnt answer all the queshtions bot i did and i cant go back and check if i answerd all the queshtions. i am sad i was really wanting to use the app
There is a HALF HOUR video to listen to before he asks you to buy stuff. Lol nope
It wont let me download this app...I purchased the program etc but it wont let me download the app.
It's says my email is already taken and gives me an error. If I can't get into it I want my money back!
This is not for if you don't want to pay 54 bucks isn't a lot but I'm only a teen and my parents won't buy this so know I'm on my bed almost Crying that ill never lose weight. If your willing to pay for this then please tell me how it was and if it was worth it was it worth it.
I can't even play the videos...I mean I paid over 50 dollars for this and I can't even use it...just terrible...the meal "plan" looks like something that came off of pinterest, not very impressive.
It's not that the process wont work... it's the deception of how easy they make it seem when it's as hard as any other program out there to follow and understand. So is it worth it? As much as any other workout that's advertised out there. You be the judge.
All the ads I saw said this was completely free. And it wasn't. And even still, after he explains all of the stuff to you, he says that you can get this almost 200 dollar package for less than 60 bucks. If you buy it today only. If you have the money at the moment, I would highly recommend it. But if not, don't waste your time.
Saw an ad and hit download, read the reviews as it was doing so and immediately hit uninstall..... certainly not "FREE" like the ad promises
You sign up for the program just to have them try and sell you stuff every ten minutes through emails and app notifications. Probably best for extreme beginners.
Why do we have to pay for our dream body Because when you can't lose weight then you get depressed and start crying every day because you hate yourself so thank you for making us pay for happiness
I actually do not mean to offend the creator but.. when I get to the last question of the survey, it tells me that one of the questions are not answered, but I answered all the questions in order! Please I would apreciate if you can fix that.
It's not free ☹️
i have changed the password (couldn't remember the old one!) and have repeatedly tried opening with some quiz I completed but the quiz repeats and does not open!!!! Why won't it open????
Nothing is free here, good luck 👍
This app has been great but I've been experiencing problems over the last couple of days as it glitches and then stops working. I've uninstalled and reinstalled it but it still does the same thing. UPDATE my app is still glitching on my Samsung phone and it's really impractical to use my laptop to access it via the website. Really dissapointed that this hasn't been fixed yet.
This does not download all it does is buffer continuously. Have tried on several different days and it just refuses to download.
I can't log in at all. Keeps telling me my email/password is wrong. Even reset my password but it still won't barge. I'm logged in online but I can't on the app
I have downloaded the app 3 different times and it never gets past the vshred page so I can never log in...
Just a video & nothing for free to show a program, everything has to be money. I dont have money to buy programs.
The whole app is just a ad complete scam DO NOT DOWNLOAD
this app does not even work.
Paid for the program. App doesn't work at all. Kept timing out. Might go for full refund if the website doesn't work too.
In the videos I'm explained how I don't need Supliments and 1st App notification I received is to Get the New Supliments!!!
The moment I open the app everything looks fine. When I go to click on one of my programs, recipe book, Or the shred program. It gives me an error code back-to-back whether it's trying to download the training or the workout log the recipe book my grocery list everything. Even after spending so much money and so much time watching the videos this is what I get. By far the worst experience ever immediately asking for a refund.
They say you can't get a refund except you can't refund anything customizable which is basically what you buy. The diet and workout guides are also nothing special you could simply look up a free plan on google. No hidden special HIIT workouts like mentioned in ads (all recommended routines are just sprints on treadmills). Good luck trying to get a refund when you realize what I realized
Sucks that you have to pay for it no one can get fit without haveing to pay and he says its free its not free its 200 dollers.
They say it's free. But nothing is free. For trail u can watch in youtube. Thay only give free trail than you have to pay.
Waste of time
An app you download so they can tell you to spend money.
OMG!! Never has my email been "blown-up" like this by any other organiztion... EVWR!! It's absolutely unreal. These guys are relentless. This is the very first time I've ever posted a negative comment on Google because I feel I owe to the community to do so.
Not free enough to do anything for a person. Thanks for nothing...
Horrible scammy type content, wasting your time with neverending videos that you cannot speed up nor navigate through, and ofc the actual info that has any value whatsoever is in the very end. This stuff makes me furious.
Personally I think the workouts and instructional videos are great. However the diet plan is unreasonable and requires quite a bit of money to fulfill. On top of that I ordered supplements to help increase my metabolism and after several weeks never received the product, on top of that, the support team has been completley unresponsive to resolve the issue or offer a refund. Also, once you purchase any of their programs, they'll send you a ridiculous amount of spam mail to get you to buy more.
Bad. It forces you to watch a 30 minute video about what it offers, then you have to pay to actually get something
Confusing where to start. Hit the wrong button and I can't get back to the previous step or question.
Its not allowing me to click on a button that I have done workout the only reason why I am giving it one star. Also dont know if I am allowed to repeat the 90 days once I am finished to keep active as I already paid.
I can't get passed choosing my gender before the app crashes. Now I'm out $60 for a program that I can't even use.
Re-edit: You mean the time and effort they put into a blank document? Hard work. What a scam. It really irritates me that you guys are taking advantage of people with your sob story and just overall really badly put together app. You want me to access a blank document with a 5 day trial? Great job. Pass. I've been fighting for a refund and I'm getting the run around. Forget the 60 day money back guarantee because they make it so difficult to achieve that it might as well be false advertising.
On instagram they say its free and hé tels in his ad nothing about a membership its bad marketing
So much for Free its only for 5 days
I just signed up and was so excited to start my journey on losing weight and what happens? Your app doesn't work. I login and ask for gender. When I select the gender app crashes. Not a good start.
1st of many wrong things on this app one Definitely not free but they don't say that in the ad on snapchat, they want you to pay so it can continuously kick you out of the app but still keep your money
The guarantee of getting a refund if the supplements do not work for you is not true. I ordered 2 bottles of burn and they did not work for me. I have not lost a single pound despite taking them everyday, changing my diet + exercise. They only refunded me for ONE bottle. They expect you to ship on your own expense to them even though they say it is risk free/money back guarantee but that is an absolute LIE. Do not waste your money!!
cant download😩😩😩😩
I just signed up after listening to that inspirational video by Vince. Imagine my horror when I soon realised that the once off payment was just to get access to ALOT of reading material that completely defeats the purpose after being told it's super easy and the last weight loss guide you will ever need. I have to pay extra to access what I thought I paid for in the first place. I am terribly disappointed and after realising this scam, I will take my chances on my own. I expect a full refund.
I would really love to tone up as I am really skinny and hate how I look sometimes. If you want to pay for a fitness program then a great app for you but it isn't for me! It would be really really useful if you could make a mix up of say 10 easy recipes, easy home workouts, how to tone quickly, loosing fat and how to get a six pack (not the full things just the basics) and had it available for free!! Please make a mash up that's free!!!
Don't use!
Horrible. Never works thats why I've stopped my plan
False advertisement on snapchat they promise everything is free but only free for 5 days, instead of advertising as free they should advertise as 5 days free. They should mentionne it.
Will not let me create account/log in
I bought in good faith based on the info in the videos etc. More so with the specific to me diet plan which i added to my purchase. Sadly it was not tailored to my needs and also did not include alternatives to thier own supplements ( cost of import double-trebles the price) and no alternative given should you not want to take the supplements. BUT the biggest issue was the diettiion had included foods that i made clear 'I would not eat' on the form. now they refuse to refund for thier failure??
Wow. Downloaded the app and the only information was them asking me for my email and setup an account. Great. Instant delete.
Not a great start. I downloaded the app and it keeps stopping. I can't get into the app at all to have access to all the things I was told I needed. Fix the bug or I want a refund.
It won't even allow me to complete my profile. It gives an error when entering the activity level. Tried 3x. Logged out. Restarted my phone. I'm disappointed. I just bought the program.
Who would have thought o wow this is great..... 40min video..... what u know gotta pay someone something
The app doesn't calculate for you the daily intake calories, I need to calculate transforming the imperial to metric. And also there is no place to save the recipes that you want to use during the week, all needs to be put aside, like in my notes. Its poor in terms of funcionalily.
Saw an add on snapchat saying it was free, i downloaded it to be sure, turns out its free to answer questions and an hour long video. Sucks that you have to have money to try and get into shape.
Holly hell this guy loves the sound of his own voice... non stop preaching. Talks more about symptoms of the body and how you can get fit WITHOUT ACTUALLY TELLING YOU HOW TO GET FIT AND EAT RIGHT! TOTAL SCAM... follow the free work out plan, ignore paid service, and ignore his useless videos. If the dude would talk less and get straight to the point it would potentially sound less of a scam, but then again thats how he makes money off you and he does this with all 6 of his apps! Don't fall prey
Paid for the shred bundle, I feel so dumb for giving this guy my money. The workout plans are identical to basically any free plan online, the calculators you can also find for free. I have been berated with numerous emails that want me to buy more stuff. Very difficult to follow the plans without one on one coaching. You will need equipment even for home workouts. This is just a platform to push supplements and one on one coaching to people. No real value unless you want to spend hundreds of $.
pay four that im going to go on the internet and find those things my self
I can log in through the website, but the same email and password doesn't work for the app. I just switched phones and can't log in. Even reset my password and its still playing around
Poor app. Crash on trying to log in.
Fake app.. And not free
Not really an app you would want. More like a bad combination of email, store and a worse youtube that requires you to pay $60 to see additional videos. Theres no tracking system or alarm or calendar to help you with the exercise program and despite being an app to supposedly help you lose weight there isn't a food, supplement or exercise input system to help maintain records or keep your "trainer" up to date. I thought the app would be more of an app i would WANT to use, but nope. 1 star.
The app asks you for $79 to start using it.
all ads it was no use for me don't install or use this app I want my money back
Uninstalled 3m after installing. I know nothing is free in life but claiming everything is free and then having some Trial before having to pay 230 or with discounts 55, its not fair, its misleading. I wouldve paid ifit said from the begining that it has a charge. Truth always.
Misleading introduction... it is disappointing that there is a need to lie on the ads in order to garner interest. I would have no problem with a paid app whose ownership was up front with costs, but if the lie is to say 'at no cost' i have to assume other claims are as unlikely to be true... I am so grateful for the ability to read reveiws and comments before opening the app and hope others all do the same.... Got a reply... apprently the developers are sorry i feel the way i do regarding truth
I have tried and tried to view my meal plan, but the format looks like gibberish (html formatting) and I can not make out anything it says. I paid a significant amount of money and I can't even use the app. I have Uninstalled/reinstalled the app and still nothing. So frustrating!!! Plus, the main guy talks far too much and loses my attention and interest after the first 10 mins.
App keeps crashing after login and choosing my gender. I've just purchased the program and this is my first experience :(
Never worked for me. I couldnt understand the meal info. I got the supplement burn and it did nothing. I gained weight more than anything else. Once I gave up on this plan and started dieting my way I started losing weight again. The entire time I did this I gained 4 pounds. The workouts are just the same repeated workouts every other day or so. Some of the moves I couldnt even do because of my back issues. I wish I could get my $58 back and they claim theres a money back guarantee
I TOTALLY regret buying this! Why is it that EVERYTIME they have something to say,I have to watch this long-winded guy ramble on & on, why can't these people just get to the point?! I don't have all day to be sitting around watching videos,my life is VERY busy and so hectic.
I have uninstalled and reinstalled twice, and I can't get past the gender question! I click female, and it closes. Every. Time. I have emailed support, just wondered if it was just me!
This app is actually laughable 😂 so we download this app sign up answer questions and for what? To watch a video we could of watched on YouTube without all other pointless stuff 🤷🏻‍♂️ wow
I dont like it
Attempted to get my money back, since I did not get what I paid for. They made a counter offer and politely informed me I should of red the small print. NO REFUNDS ON DIET PLANS which I didn't even receive. READ REVIEWS PEOPLE because I did not.
I couldn't Even get thought the long 1 hour borning intro video. Uninstalled
Can log in but can't do anything else. Freezes and stops.
Biggest waste of money I've ever seen, just paid £50 for an app that doesn't even have an option to track meals, and doesn't do what it describes in his video at all! Do not be dragged it to this waste of money!
horible
Just links to a lengthy repetitive marketing video
Worse app ever the guy is sooo hung up on himself that he has no work out for you
A lot of blah-blah-blah and too little info that is actually expected (in those preview videos provided). Trial offers 5 workout videos + supplements purchase. The ad that actually brought me here said this app offers a free program. It's totally okay to pay for a useful content, but it is super annoying when the ad doesn't really reflect the reality. It's called "lies", you know.
I want to give it a zero star. In every video he never gets to the point. Just keep saying.... I am gonna show you this.. this.. this... (2 hour later)... I am gonna show you this... Come on man, if you want to show 1000 things, at least say 1 or 2 at the beginning...
I just signed up for vshred and downloaded the app, after I login it asks man or woman. I click and it instantly kicks me out. So frustrating. I even uninstalles and reinstalled and same issue!!
Another blah blah blah you have to pay app
This was a giant as for in app purchase of the actually program. Bait and Bait not even bait and switch.
I want my experience to be good, but the app keeps crashing. I enter my name at the get started menu, swipe to the next page and crash, reinstalled many times same issue. Fix it please, I have heard great things about this app
False advertisement: "free, no charge"
Bla bla bla ....
Ad says "free" and then you download it and it's like 60 bucks lol I'm good
there's nothing in this app you must pay for everything -.-
It seems like a great app, but I'm from Africa and it's hard to afford it especially because it's in dollars so if u can arrange some sort of give away that will be so awesome. I need this badly
Im sorry but your app is just terrible. I deleted it as soon as I looked into it. Free but you gotta buy our kit to get full workout routine plans. No thanks
Delete before opened. Thanks for the reviews. The ad claims it's all FREE!! But seems like there is a lot of paid stuff in there. Not worth the time to look into. I hate how "Healthy" foods and diets and excercises are all expensive but it's cheap to live unhealthy. Health should not be gained by profits.
I saw an ad for this app on Snapchat and the ad promised that everything will be free. I honestly thought that would be impossible and downloaded the app to make sure. Then I watched the "free" 30 minute video which is informative but too long. By the end of the video I realized that what seemed like false advertisement actually is false advertisement. The plan fee is reasonable but I won't be subscribing because of the lies in the ad. If they lie in ads they probably lie later.
Scam its not free as marketed. Only free video is the guy telling you what you will gain if you pay. Smh! Uninstalled!
As I'm trying to set up my account and choose my sex, it crashes every time. I have uninstalled and reinstalled the app. Still crashes
This app is free... yeah and I'm a donkey! Advertisement says "FREE APP" and after installation you see, pay few hundred dollars for some books. Come on guys stop with the false advertisement!
Saw a video ad where he said it was free.. well guess what? Now he replies to all reviews that its only a 5day trial for free. U need to pay to use this app. Lol uninstalled 2minutes after download. Fake advertisement so, lost my trust anyway wont even look at those long 1hour videos lol
I payed for it and can't log in been emailing and not getting any help back now asking for my money back funny still not getting any answers RIP OFF.
I just joined today. I'm saddened to see that when I go to the recipe guide, it shows a bunch of codes instead of the guide. Waste of money I guess.
All you get for $57 is this Vince guy talking incensently, a 46 page recipe guide and a online video of exercise. Hint: talk less, sell the product you promise; equals success and money. I want my damn money back. They are not making it easy for me to contact them for my "no questions asked 30 day refund".
I downloaded this free app - no problem,,, then I opened it and had to sit through a 45 minute long video of this bloke gabbling on, saying the same things over and over to get to the 'free information' - a $47 book,,, so not free really just advertising....
It is common knowledge that this V shred loser has no idea what he is talking about. Back from when he straily up stole other fitness youtubers videos and got caught to now. Thia dude doesn't even know what a dead lift is. And in his team's last ditch effort to make money they start a training app. There is no such thing as body types, that myth has been disproven many times. It was a false science made up by a pedophile. If you want stuff for legit free, look up Athlean X on youtube. Hes legit
you have to pay for EVERYTHING on there, NO FREE TIPS.
Im so disappointed with the app... I just bought the app 2 days ago and i want to refund my money.. But theres no easy instructions to refund your purchase...
I can not open app... It instantly closes...
This app is definitely not like Vince said. It's terrible and very expensive. If you convert some of the payments to Naira, it's up to #20,000, which is enough to pay rent for 2 months in a small apartment. I've always known that empty drums always make the loudest noise, but I decided to give Vince the benefit of doubt and I was dissappointed. He made almost an hour video without saying anything of substance and the app is still trash. Giving you guys 1 star is a mercy. Looking good but empty.
everything's just unavailable.
App does not work for Note 20 Ultra.
The ads that I saw of this app said it was free but no you actually have to pay to know these things like all we wanna know is how to get fit like just help us out why do we gotta pay to know these things. Your ad of this app pisses me off saying it's free when its not
App crashes as soon as I select gender. Uninstalled and reinstalled but same issue. Right now not working for me.
cannot access to YouTube
This rating is for the login process since I haven't actually utilized the app yet. I just signed up for the 90-day program last weekend, so I'm not sure if I even need the app to use it or not. What genius decided that it was a good idea to force a user to scroll through every month of every year to enter your birth date instead of just typing in the numbers? I thought about canceling the download due to that ridiculous but required section. It needs to be to be user-friendly.
I'm trying to buy the toned in 90 days package... But the purchase never goes through... I've lost two weeks coz of this! Kindly fix! Fast.
there isnt much on here that you cant get for free on other apps......a lot of it is just reading and other stuff you have to pay more for besides the initial payment of $57... not worth it.
Stupid app, all they want is your money. Don't fall for it. Nothing changed
Just an app that leads you to buy a product. Doesn't help you an any way, shape or form
totally worthless. it's all infomercials to buy supplements.
I have to pay to do anything on this app
I have to pay for everything, the app makes it look as if it's free but it's not
Disappointed, feeling cheated, I opened the app and I 1 hour video I bought the intro offer. The morning of Day 1 another infomercial pro biotics, then fat burner So this is how I feel... I paid for a free program... Not very smart, and I've also paid to have long winded video to sell . Sorry, Vince, you obviously miss the class were negitivity and regret create an emotional vortex of self loathing, which tears down ones pride .... I just want my money back.
can only assess supplements, the rest are grey, can't figure out how to get access to the other programmes. not much use.
I am a paying member of vshred so natually i want to be able to use the app. when i log into the app and start the answering the profile questions the app crashes. i have found now way around this. i first tried on my note 10 and then on my galaxy tab 6s. i can log into the web site but i need to be able to use my phone during my work outs and at the store buying food and such.
I have an account because I can log into the website without issue but everytime I try to log in with the app, it gives me an error and says my height needs to be between 1 and 244?????
I this app is not as is advertised and you cant get a refund within 30 days of you purchase it through Google as is said in the promo video. I have tried twice to ask for a refund and been told there is nothing they can do. Food is very limited to only 10 choices for each meal and it is not only 10 minute HIT exercise a day. If in doubt dont buy try something else.
Honestly I struggle a lot with depression, anxiety, social anxiety, because of the way my body looks. When I say his add, I actually thought this was the app to help me. It could of been but, unfortunately its costs money.
Make it for free
I can't open the app, it keeps closing
Terrible video player that makes it almost impossible to watch anything.
This app force closes before i can input any information
Scam
Not happy. The app is super glitchy and hard to navigate for some reason. Also all it is is ads, ads, ads, and I have gotten thirty emails since yesterday. All I want is my refund and to forget about this app but it's hard to even get ahold of anyone. They promise a refund so hopefully they will pull through. I feel like an idiot for even falling for one of these ad soaked apps. It seemed like it was going to be completely different than what it turned out to be. I just want a refund.
Do you want to get shredded without doing cardio? Buy our app and do cardio... Its that simple! Yeah total bull. Just download Nike Training for exercise and Mealime for food recepies and don't waste your money on these guys. Its just a platform for pushing supliments and coaching, they just keep asking for money. I spent 100 dolars already and got mostly nothing in return, except some video exercises for cardio workout... awsome!!!
There's no guidance on how to eat per week per his discussion of carb cycling. You can only access full page recipes online, since you can't zoom in on them in the app, and no meal plan option in app. I listened to over an hour of stuff to get the info I needed, and I'm left with a million questions. He said, oh there's no monthly fee, but there will be if you want more info. Ugh... why did I pay for this?
I paid the 90 day plan. And downloaded the app. Logged in and now I can't get past the page where they ask your gender before the app just closes. I've tried re-installing it but still struggle with the same issue??? What now ?
All that's free is a long video of the guy dragging out simple concepts then ads to buy his books and workouts.
It's just his boring video about how great he is and you have to buy stuff don't do it
Extremely disappointed immediately since it's nothing it said it would be & requested refund of $57 immediately. Still waiting! What a disappointment!
lol, sales pitch
Hey...the app keeps crashing anytime i try to select a bundle....dissapointed...and yes i have uninstalldled and reinstalled the app
Paid the money will not let me open
I've just bought the package and I'm ready to start, but I can't get into the app. I logged in and it asked my gender, but when I click on it I'm kicked off the app. Is this a bug? Please help.
You have to pay for it, not free like he said in the ad
Videos just don't get to the point. He just speaks round and round and doesn't get to the point.
I just paid £45 for the fat loss extreme, after 5 mnt navigating on the app I got really disappointed. This program is a complete scam!!! DOESN'T WORTH THE MONEY. In the video, they say that the program is made for your type of body and this and that, with meal plans. But the reality is that they show you some recipes in a PDF and you choose and you have to do all the calculation of calories and do your own plan. this is not practical at all! Can be applied to everyone. And when they say that for example for me with an Endorphin body I should confuse my metabolism I was expecting that buying the program will help me to understand how to do that, and give a diet plan considering my body, but I was wrong! They don't explain anything of that, and basically you do everything. They just put in a PDF information that you could easily find on the internet for free. For the first time I trust in a diet and exercise program, and I feel complete disappointed by the promises that they made in the video to make us buy something. I want my money back. If you thinking of buying this program thinking that if adjust to your body type, don't do it, DOESN'T WORTH YOUR MONEY.
Buyer Beware... They say the app is free and if you buy a bundle that you can get a refund with no problems if your not satisfied. Well, I am not satisfied, and I can't seem to get my money back either. I am disabling in-app purchases and am not sure i can trust Google in the future either
This is the app version of an as seen on TV advertisement. He spends 30 minutes telling you a bunch of pseudoscience with no real information and then asks you to spend $100 to buy what the ad for the app said would be free.
The app is an advertisement for you to inpulse buy his programs at a special one day only price. I got it last night and tossed it out after watching 2 videos and realizing hes just bragging about how good he is and how bad all the other diets are and how you should buy all his stuff right now.
The video that the guy does says his program isn't about supplements. Well since downloading the app and paying for the information, I get daily ads to buy supplements. So his entire plan is a lie. If it truly worked as he claimed by diet changes, NO supplements would be needed. Avoid this app and don't pay to get the secret diet to the Hollywood stars. Sure you get the diet but hit daily with ads to buy things that was said NOT to be needed.
Its not free
I tried to start the app and video. Got about 1/3 of the way through, pen and paper ready then it crashed. And it keeps crashing. Disappointed, was really looking forward to trying his technique.
1 star.. I have been trying to get a refund that they advertise if you are not happy. However, I was told I need to contact Google. So when I did the have a cancelation policy of 24 hours. REALLY!! I am currently trying to get my money back after speaking to Google & being told I needed to contact the developer. Please don't be like me and spend $$ and take a chance of never seeing you money again because it doesn't seem as if they want to resolve or refund my money. I should contact the BBB.
They Say all the diet plans and workouts are free, they never say that it's only a 5 day trial so specify better
Their promo video said 90-day money-back guarentee, but then when you are disappointed with the app and meal plan they "customize" for you, they tell you that the terms and conditions are for 30-day money-back. The meal plan was everything I told them I didn't like. What is the whole point of the questionnaire if you are not going to listen to what the people tell you? The videos also said that they had low intensity workout routines. Could not find one that worked for me.
You want ten notifications a day? Then this is the app for you
Worst app. Uninstalled after 30 minutes. They just try to sell their suppliments with after hour long video.
This app is terrible its just a big scheme/sales pitch to throw more and more money into and just rehashing the same old bs you can find for free online. Im already in decent shape but downloaded it cause i was tired of seeing this vinsane dude face on every other ad on yt vids and can confirm my original suspicion that this is trash. They probably don't spend even a tenth of what they make on improving the app it all just goes to bs marketing and padding the schemers wallet
not working
After ordering, I found the program confusing. I had it for about 2 hours. My bank hasn't even processed my $57 payment! I want to cancel but there isn't even a place to cancel. V Sant said 100 percent satisfaction or your money back. I just want to cancel my membership and NOT be charged.
So stupid always have to pay for stuff also it's really easy given the information he said to find anything u need to know about carb cycling and workouts just look on YouTube also it's 57$ for those of you wondering if there is a cost
SUKSSSSS dude just likes to hear himself talk never gets straight to the point ... not worth tha time.
I am getting charged $9.99 monthly and I have no idea why! I have looked and looked and cant find where to cancel this charge. I also cant find any information as to why I am being charged.
I it is is a bunch of advertisements trying to sell me more of their stuff along with my daily workouts. I can't log my meals or workouts. I can't save my meal plans, I have to keep rummaging thru my emails to find stuff.
I love the workouts and the recipes! But I can't get into the app anymore and do any of the workouts now! I've cleared the cache data, uninstalled and reinstalled, logged out and tried logging back in. It just keeps saying Network Error. But every other link like Facebook etc opens up. :(
Free my ass 280$ is not free
Lied in the advertisement I saw.
Marketing Scam, all it does is provide macros and make you watch a 30 minute video saying buy the product
Removes your reviews!! Especially if it includes the fact they've took money from my account without my say so! Straight from mygoogle account! Which has now been flagged as fraudulent
Dont download this ap its pay to play 😤
So i wasnt able to use the app as told sooo
The advertisement said the program and app is free when it clearly isn't. I downloaded it and deleted it on principle. Don't say that you are free when you're clearly not.
No one cares for videos and explanations. Get to the point!
Help....app does not work on my Galaxy 20 S
If I wanted to waste my time watching infomercials I'd go back to the couch.
In the ad they say free and after u log in u find that it's not. What a poor lie
Biggest scam ever Guy makes a 30 mins video just saying the same stuff over and over This whole app is for selling their product DO NOT DOWNLOAD!!!!
It said it was free. But it wasnt. Deleted the second he said I was going to have to pay
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS USELESS PROGRAM!!I should've have known by reading other reviews not to get this... but hard headed me... I bought it... don't buy this program or download the app. All it does is give you lengthy reading downloads and advertisements after advertisements! Especially advertisements for their supplements! Honestly I just googled what I needed and asked people at the gym and so far lost 15 pounds on my own without reading one single page of this BS!
Bring the parler app back to google play
Can't get it to load after login. App closes.
Click bait YouTube advertising download my free app until you do and then you have to pay for it yaaay
The ad says its free, but it is not.
I really don't have the time to watch hours and hours of sales videos! I am truly sorry that I let myself get sucked into this obvious scam. Now I will try to find something useful buried deep in this morass.
money hopper program and always about purchasing
Not free
He said free, but its paid, no one works with trials...
The free content of the app is 5 videos 18min each and the rest of the app (99%) is ridiculously overpriced ( currently there is a discount from around 250€ to 70€ ) There are numerous apps with the same efficiency ( at least for the workout , not including the diet regimes that I don't need ) but either 90% free or much more cheaper.
Try to cancel and get a refund within the 30 day guarantee. Vshred said I had to go through Google play because it was an in-app purchase. Scam!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Don't do it.
Can't use my debit card to pay.
Getting network error.
The app closes when I chose my gender. It just keeps doing that, and I can't access anything using my phone. Why!?
Watched an ad saying would get a free workout plan go to the app find out have to pay for everything. Like cant have the work out plans free and then charge for the other plans
Downloaded the app twice incase first time there was an issue, but seems to be not functioning at all, just turns itself off and disappears when I try to set it up after login.
Very bad application with a lot more links to keep on subscribing and paying more
There is nothing in this app that you don't pay for
Nothing free as it was told in SC ad, only trials and all plans are paid.
Well big ad in tik tok about how he created this app to operate on auto pilot. Of course I expected an upgrade option but this is just a scammer. Absolutely nothing but palaver.. Won't tell you anything even about published free health studies, wants 55 dollars. He is obviously playing to trump supporters. Dont be fooled.
DO NOT BUY ANY PROGRAM FROM THEM.. very bad app .. it's very very poor programmed .. all of it is text and videos .. no counting down.. no pause .. no savings for your progress .. no videos in the food preparing .. is very bad for 60$ for program
Not worth it. Excersize are to intense for beginners and take longer than 15 min a day. Takes alot to get a refund and if you get custom diet plan they wont refund for you for that so dont get it cause it isn't worth it. They do what they can to take money and love sending ads about buying more and more stuff from them. I knew this was a bad idea, should have went with instinct and staid away from this!!
DON'T sign in! 1. You can't take a look at the app before you sign in. After you sign in, the app its just like a store, you "need" to buy a lot of stuff for nothing. Just go jogg! I'm a profesional sportive and this app its just marketing + spam, they just want your e-mail to spam you. If there would be less than a star, i would give it.
Cannot even access the app for the first time without it crashing almost immediately after logging in. 🤔
Every time I open the app I log in and get to the next page asking if I am male or female. I check male and the app crashes instantly everytime! Havent been able to get on the app once.
Could not even use app I have to pay money so I can use the app
I just downloaded this app, and I'm not sure if this is actually an app to help me lose weight or just a sales pitch. I've been watching this video for 20 minutes now, he keeps saying he's going to share this miraculous weight loss break through, and he's going to share it in a few minutes and 10 minutes, 15 minutes, 20 minutes later he still hasn't shared it and keeps saying the same things over and over again but phrasing it differently. Boy this guy sure likes to talk. Does he ever get to the point? Time will tell.... **Edit to add: Yes, it was a sales pitch. I'll be deleting this app. Total waste of time. Thanks for nothing.
I feel like i've been scamed while i was paying for this product it said my card was expired my card is not expired. It also wouldn't let me complete my profile i tried to set a password and it kept sayingi needed the original password i haven't had an account before so how could i have a password. I checked with my card and they took the money from my card which they said wasn't working cuz it was expired. It won't let me in the app at all i demand a refund.
No access at all.
Not free.
Not what I expected. Promotional for products
Purchased the program 2 days ago and still can't even download the app. On the webpage the option for the 90 days diet is not enable so I can't access the plan. I hope these issues can be solved ASAP so I can at least see what ghe program is about
I do not want this. I wanted a program to exercise.. not lessons on the how and why behind it. I am sure it is a good program but not what I was looking for.
Absurdly overpriced content. Better apps out there for a fraction of the cost.
The app is lacking big time especially if you paid for anything. Everything about Vshred is one giant sales pitch. I wish I never spent a penny on their plan, especially when money is tight due to COVID. Dont get me started on the meal plan. Its a complete waste of money. I truly feel like a sucker!
Lies! The ad said it would be free, everything would be free. It did not say free trial. Lack of transparency makes me uninstall and refuse to pay the fee. Dont advertise false promises.
You need to make it clear in your ad that it's not free like you are advertising. Maybe if you were a bit more honest about the 5 day free trial you'd have more people purchasing.
This app is not what I expected so I requested a refund. It has been ridiculous on how many emails I have sent about requesting refund and they refuse to do it!!! I have reported the app!
The app is just a video that sells u a 57 dollar program so its not free
i can only access the supplements everything else is grey off i was expecting more access at start
Advertising said it was free... It's not
why make the app free if you gotta buy this stuff soon as you sign up?
Thank you for coming back to me and helping me with my problems
When I try to open female module the program always closes itself. I have tried on other mobile. I can not use the application I have bought.
Unhappy with the extraordinarily strict meal plan with no dietary alternatives and *very* unhappy with the workouts because they don't offer alternatives, either, if you have physical limitations. And trying to get a refund is absolutely impossible because you will be given the runaround - beware before you purchase anything!!!
I enrolled in app, upon which it went straight to a video and all I got was Audio - no video.
calendar format for entering birthday is Absolutely ridiculous. Having to click over 500 time to get your birthday is stupid. Specially if you have already built your profile online
difficult to use. more of an internet type of app.
So far frustrating!
useless, nothing but advertising for suppliments, anything that could be useful is additional $$$. better off doing independent research on google.
This app just goes black 3mins into the workout! I don't know what's going on. I tried it on my phone and tablet and it still goes black. I have to exit out and go back in every time it stops. Then I have to go back in to find the part it stopped at to pickup where I left off. Not really happy about this... I just purchased the Move program and this was extremely frustrating! Ugh! I really hope this issue gets resolved. I would hate for this to be an ongoing issue...
Can't get into the program when attempts made
He said that this was a free app😡 why should we pay
I thought this was supposed to be freee .its false ad
Not free
App is confusing and I need to cancel it . Please contact me on home to cancel/refund me .
You need to buy things.
Don't download it ask you for your email and password
takes ages to log in and sometimes wont ever log in
unless you want to spend 50 quid there's no point downloading this.eat healthier do burpees! there you go that was FREE!!!!!!
App not user friendly, when compared to other fitness apps. On the 90 day work out calander, its up to you to remember what number you are on, because the numbers will not show the day as been completed when you are done. As in other apps it would. The "follow along" can be confusing, not sure if the trainer is instucting or if the repetitions have started. I'm not sure if i will continue with this app for my workout trainings, but i will continue to follow my personalized meal plan.
This is disappointing the guy rambling about is product will make me lose weight ok I bought it and then this was disappointing 4 plans and exercises are getting repetitive got me in tears that I payed money for somthing not worth it 😢
app keeps closing did not get passed survey
App keeps crashing
Signed up and cant open the app. Seems like everyone is having this same problem. Click on Female and it immediately shuts down. Pretty useless if you dont have an app nowadays.
Complete ripoff and scam. Do notfall for it.
Downloaded app and it will not open. It crahes right after selecting gender.
So I log in and I click female and then the app shuts down. I have paid for the program and the app would be the easiest for me and I cant even get in to use it. I have sent in the glitch idk if it does n e good. But I have. Hopefully u can get the bugs worked out.
I wish I'd never joined. They try to sell their supplement.
Not worth the hype. You can get the free version on you tube. Research the internet before you pay.
This is not an app, its an infomercial to get you to buy his products. Everything he has on there is to purchase. Not for me. Can't afford what he selling.
If you read the reviews you'll notice all the people who are pleased with the app have no problem putting money into it. But not for those of us who live on a average or tight budget. I can't just throw down $100 here and $100 there. Not because I'm frugal but because I simply don't have it. Yes! There's a 5 day trial. Yes! There are free YouTube videos but picking an app apart to get the most out of the available "Free" items is not how "Healthy Living" should work.
I just got stupid app n just paid $57 n I cant even get in. says password/username is wrong
Wont work
this was horrible! of course you have to buy it!! you can't even do anything!!! all I learned was to buy powder🤦‍♀🤦‍♀🤦‍♀🤦‍♀ like comon what if someone doesn't want to buy it or pay for it the there should be a part where its free at least 🤦‍🙄
Day One I logged into the app after joining and all I got was more cumbersome, videos of Vince trying to talk me into buying more products. I have no ideas how or where to start. This feels like just one innocuous, rambling man who just loves to hear himself talk. I see no directions on what to eat, alternating high carb low carb days for endomorphs etc. So far it is an utter disappointment that has me in tears. I got up early to start and was just bombarded with more long extraenous sales pitches. I will try again but if fat cold be burned by listening to him drone on and on, then I would weight 120 pounds.
Read the reviews. The app isn't what the guy promises... Only 5days free search.. fyi search meal plans and workouts for your body type there are alot of studies backed by qualified professionals! Enjoy your day
The more you look into this guy you realise he cant actually explain basic exercise science concepts, the 'free' app is just another attempt to con people who are less knowledgable in health and fitness out of their hard earned money. Reduce the amount of food you eat and increase the amount of movement you do and you will see results with time. Vince uses long words to sound like he knows what he is talking about but all he really cares about is money. Do own your research first people!
They say that they will give you a 30 day money back guarantee, but are saying that they cannot refund you and to contact google to get your refund. Google says it doesn't go with their policy so they won't refund you. SCAM!!! If you pay for the $57 program in the app it does not work. It claims to help you develop a meal plan but you have to do all the work to fit the pieces to gether. I want a refund and I am being met with bull.
I hate it when these adds pop up and there like "oh my this app is so good it's free and it help you get in shape" but as soon as download it I have to pay for everything.like if your so worried about people getting in shape and losing weight why make them pay money to do that like there some people that don't have money like that I ur still want to get in shape so I don't understand it
This has to be the worst app ever, I know about exercise but I don't know about a good diet coupled with exercise to lose weight. I bought this to understand a nutrition better which it doesn't. Rubbish.
I started the workout, but in the 6 th day the program asked me to download the full version 😳, so why this does not come with the full version?
Get to the final question and it freezes up. Attempted multiple times with the same occurrence.
Can not stream to my smart TV like before. Not liking the update!
False advertisement, he said on the SC ad he's doing it for free but we can actually only "try" it for free and it has an expensive plan afterwards -_- Next time say we can only "try" it for free.
Videos do not play on the app. Something is definitely wrong because they do not play on Chrome or Firefox either. I have not been able to do a workout in days. You guys need to do something about this. It is not right to ask a customer to keep clearing their cache each time just to "see" if your app will work as your help page suggests.
Can't log in because of my height?
After seen all these one stars I'm differently downloading this app
Lies in ad, bye-bye. You just lost me there.
Sorry mate you spew a load of rubbish, stop trying to sell stuff to people that don't know better.
Can't login just keeps saying that you need to be over 18 to register. All I'm doing is entering in my user and password.
Just an app that feeds you ads. Does nothing else.
I expected a responsive App it that has all the exercises I should perform with guidance, but what I found was too much talk and marketing materials for other products.
Not the best. Not what the video showed finding it hard to use l have tried contacting for a refund but had no response.
Not what you think waste of money and you can't get your money back used it once.. Your basically paying $50+ for what you can find on a free app
Worst experience ever!! Do not even bother or you will lose all your money. Total waste of time. Workouts are a joke. Customer service is the worst I've ever encountered!
so I can enter all the info but I cant access the diet plan or exercise. I can see options. thought there would be even a buy this plan option. but no. I believe it's just a poorly designed app.
I saw this app super excited only to find out i had to pay for it RIP OFF
It seemed like every 5 minutes I was being sold something. "Buy this.... or this... or add this"....I want to get in shape and feel good about my body, not have products and services shoved in front of my face making it seem like I'll never be where I want unless I go broke.... this is a scam for your money, if it's not, I wouldn't know cuz I never made it past the ads
I just bought the plan, was really excited to check everything out. Downloaded the app and it asks me for gender. I say male and the app crashes. EVERY TIME. super frustrated...
Would rate negative stars if i could. Waste of money all ads every five min. trying to sell more. Waiting to customer service to email me back i need a refund
Prior to purchasing this app, I watched the video which explains that I'll be receiving personalized diet plans for my body type as well as workouts that I can perform from the comfort of my own home. After purchasing, I find that these are "add-ons" that need to be purchased separately on top of the $94.99nzd I paid. I immediately requested a refund... But No response. I have now requested my refund everyday since then (now day #5) and STILL.NO.RESPONSE.
well I mean the app is good I'm not going to lie to you, but I saw this on an ad on snapchat and it is totally false advertising. they said that it was free, but they only let u have a 5day free trial, and they usually false advertise like on their website too where I have been. Why dont u just make the app free, thousands of people wouldve loved that.
I just purchased and the app crashed on the gender page everytime so I cannot even access the workout plans. Want to try but this is not the best first impression...
I suggest y'all go follow Greg Ducette and watch an actual coach, expose this phony.
Pitiful. Poor excuse for an app. It's lacking in so many ways. Offering recipe PDFs is not the same as creating a "custom meal plan". App doesn't even offer a grocery list. There's no food diary to track your meals or macros. No way to track weight loss, inch loss, sleep, water, mood, etc. Everything in this app is something that anyone could see on the internet for free. I hoped the app would be my go to place for all things but no. It's ok for the exercise vids but really it's just useless.
Fake advertising
I had seen an ad for this app on Google and the ad promised that everything will be free. I downloaded it then I watched the "free" 30 minute video which is informative but too long. By the end of the video I realized that what seemed like false advertisement actually is false advertisement. The plan fee is reasonable but I won't be subscribing because of the lies in the ad. If they lie in ads they probably lie later. Its only free. Its only free for the first 5 days.
Very disappointed in the whole aspect of this program. I watched the videos and it seemed like this was legit. It said it came with all these packages but it doesn't. It doesn't actually come with the "at home" portion which was one of the major reasons why I decided to buy the program. Also all the other "bouns" packages it comes with are only 5 day trials. So I get over ALL if that and decided to still try it out . Because I genuinely do want to get healthy. I download the app. It won't work.
Asked for a refund 4 days ago, they keep saying 24-48 hours, asked for a customer service# and they dont send one at all! If I could give negative stars I would, dont believe any of what these bimbos say.
The guy from advertisment said its free. Its not free! Its only trial. What a scam!
Not free and the longest video ever to tell you it's not free. The video should be on YouTube it's so long he would make a killing instead of killing my time.
Essentially, for "skiny fat", a 30min video giving you 3 title tips with limited information, ultimately leading to their 90 day diet and exercise program. I'm giving it one star because I already knew about carbs cycling, HIIT training and time under tention exercising. And that 30min video of him repeating again and again the same thing was excruciating.
I just bought the program and it took my money but would not let me go pass the upgrade version.So downloaded the app and tried to log in keeps telling me email already in use so i tried to reset the password no luck at this point just refund me back my money because if already having issues then Just perfer a refund thank u
It's not free as said,,, Uninstalled
It was not what I was wanting. Too many money grabbing advertisements about vitamins and additional exercise routines. I requested a refund one day after purchase and they have not responded in 2 days.
You fooled me.. This is basically an advertisement. Don't waste your data or time.
Not a follow along workout program
This is way more too complicated. I thought that it was going to be easy to just click on recipes and exercise routines. In your initial video you talk about not needing a gym but yet most of the exercise syou describe are routines using gym machines. You app makes it seem like the burner is what really makes the difference which is never mentioned in the promotional video.  I really feel very deceived. Wherever you click it wants to sell you one more thing. I hope I get the refund I requested
The app shuts down before I can even click that I'm a female
It is not free as he mention it
Still have to buy stuff...
Warning! Look at the BBB, Better Business Bureau complaints before you give them any $$$. I wanted this to be as real as their spokesperson comes off but unfortunately there are some shadiness going on. Having to involve the BBB to get decent resolution does not sound like a reputable company to me. JUDGE FOR YOURSELF!
App wont stay open
Just an advertisement for his workout program, nothing free about it except a 4 question air and a 30 minute long video of him talking
Rick
The add said it was free, it is not.
Not user friendly! Vince makes itbis if it is easy but it is not. Have to count calories, purchase pills...
I cant even get app to download
It wouldn't even let me into the app. Don't install
Fake app
The app will not stop shutting itself down. I've deleted it and re-downloaded it twice and get the same results. It will shut itself down as soon as you pick which gender. It will not allow you to go further.
I want to see what i can do, but it keeps saying i haven't answered all of the questions when i clearly did
I thought I was going to be able to put this on my laptop and not my phone...WRONG! It's just too small to see on my phone. How do I get my money back?
Too dang expensive and they do not stand behind money back guarantee if not satisfied. All this guy wants is your money. He is nothing but a fraud and scamming people.
Asking for over £50 Just to use the app!!
Not something I'd use
Just bought it and cant even log onto the app keeps crashing🙄
The app is not allowing me to do anything. I keep getting a network error message.
I clicked on this because of an advert. The advert said it was free! Its not free! False advertising! Uninstalled In reply to the reply you sent. The ad I saw said it was free...not a free trial and then pay.....said it was free. That said, won't be using the app or the YouTube channel
This is basically scam. The ads tell you that it's free but it's not. I've been reporting the ads as misleading and I encourage all of those deceived to do the same.
After trying the trial I was really excited about the workouts so I paid for the extreme weight loss for females thinking this would be a great way to mix up my work outs and really get results. Come to find out, shouldn't have paid for anything. The workouts are are just that trial week repeated over and over. Extremely disappointed. Don't waste your money. Use the trial and repeat it weekly.
Can I rate it quarter a star? Damn I wanted my time and data!!!
0 won't take my email
I don't like the app, I want my money back. There's tooooooooo much propaganda for the supplements, every video is stupidly long and charged with advertising, I can't go to the section I want because it's blocked or the bottom doesn't work, it's just an awful apl and I was told I can quit at any time and have my money back, so that's it.
Like every other weight loss thing this guy just wants to sell suppliments and sell his videos. Ladies dont buy this. Its a waste of money and time. He's just trying to prey on our insecurities. Like everyone else.
I purchased this app and system and I cannot get the app to work. I get to the screen where you pick your gender and choose it and the app crashes. Very disappointing and if it's not going to work. I am going to request a full refund from the whole system.
SCAM!!!!!!!!!!!
Not what the video says it is! I bought this for carb cycling, which he said was the best way for women to lose weight and 3 10-minute workouts a week. He said we don't need to workout every day, but what I actually got was a basic meal plan with no carb cycling and daily 20 minute workouts with a few hiit cardio.
Tbh, I thought the program was free😒
Why do I have to pay? I will use another app.
I could not use it since the exercises hurt my knee and shoulders. The food advice was just advice that is in common knowledge - you still need to do all the calculating yourself to put a menu together. Finally, on top of this they dont honor their money back guarantee. Really disappointed!
It's a scam. They literally use pseudo science which is impossible to back up by valid sources.
Too many ads
Training exercise was set up very well, but it's not something that's good for people who are just starting to get back into working out after years or so from hibernating. Yes they have a beginners program, but it's still a bit hard for people that are just starting out again. Also I purchased some supplements that I thought would be great for during/not during my workouts, but again I was disappointed by the amount that was given, and the price I had paid for it.
So I just bought my subscription last night, I'm looking for the recipes for my meals, and I get nothing, I paid for everything already, tried reaching out via email, and no answer, is this how is gonna be? You made it sound so simple in the ads and now that you've got my money I get nothing? How is this gonna help me? I don't see a contact us on the app, I don't even know what star to give you... yet.
fake
I paid $71.99 for no videos or anything. Just a bunch of reading. Not what was offered in the video. I want a refund.
My first time here
Was not able to do anything because I didn't have the work out equipment that was required
The app was a commercial.
Be careful if you think it's free it's not
The meal plan is so poorly executed and sloppy. Missing ingredients, missing measurements and miscalculations on calories. I can do that myself.
dont subscribe to this fraud. these guys try to upsell their products . and boy whenever you re asking for a refund they will shoot more and more offers. i asked for a refund for the third time... what a waste of time and money.
Ad said it was free only to download it and find out it all cost
The sc ad needs taking down. It isnt actually free. Only for the first 5 days are free as a trial.
Not an option for low impact excersizes. Also expensive and full of an annoying infomercial. I cant believe I lost a couple hours of my life to that. 😠
Dont claim free when its not free. And ui is really bad.
Disappointed to learn i bought into the program and it costs an extra $10/month just to use the app. :-( Edit: I contacted support as was recommended and nothing changed. Bought into the program complete with meal plans and exercise options and still can't use the app without paying extra. :-(
this app is a waste of time do not bother there is a lot of writing and they just want u to buy there suppliments
App closes when trying to answer first question.
U GUYS WILL BE REPORTED TO BBB AND EVERYONE ELSE I COULD THINK OF. TRUST AND BELIEVE. UR AD SPECIFIED 57 FOR EVERYTHING NOTHING ABOUT 5 DAY TRIAL. IT SAID YOULL NEVER HAVE TO PAY FOR ANYTHING AGAIN AND ALL 5 GIFTS ARE INCLUDED. I SHOULD HAVE KNOWN BECAUSE THE WAY HE KEPT LOOKING AWAY FROM CAMERA AND U COULD TELL HE WAS LYING BUT AT LEAST HE GAVE THE SECRETS SO WILL DOWN THE APPS FOR HIIT EPOC ETC U WILL GO DOWN WATCH
It's basically a training plan commercial with extra steps. It's pay to play. There are a lot of other good and actually free apps on the play store, I recommend you not try this one
It wont let me create an account
Spent alot of money on this diet plan. 2 weeks later still havent recieved what i payed for. now they've cancelled everything i bought with no refund and they will not reply to me! Nothing but a scam!
Scam
pls look to the comment before u buy anything
Talks a lot without saying anything. The guy in the "free" video wanted to share how to speed up your metabolism by doing this easy step in the morning. I listened to him fluff up the video for 10 MINUTES and he still hadn't said what he wanted to say. He was still telling you "how good you're going to feel" and "how easy it is". Didnt even finish the video. Get to the point and stop wasting my time.
They do not create individual meal plans that are any good. 1300 calories a day when I only wdnt to lose 5 lbs and i work out 5 days a week is insane....and their macronutrients NEVER add up correctly. Work outs are a scam...he talks forever before showing you what do to and you cant skip through the videos. HUGE waste
Frustrated. It's not letting me input anything. I log in, hit female, and then the app crashes. After that it will not let me enter my age, height, or weight.
I got this app yesterday and it won't let me get as far as to choose "male" or "female" on the first page. Every time I click the button, the app closes. 😩 help!
Every video I've seen advertised with info im intereested in I've ended up watching for what seems like an hour only to be disappointed and not getting the information advertised
I just signed up for this program and I can't access any of the programs I need. Not useful at all
Useless pay to use advertising they tease you with a bite of information then lock everything behind a paywall and advertise supplements
Everything is free ! But at the end of my long video promising you everything you want its 47 or 57 dollars. I'm irritated.
I wrote a review a little while ago, and well I change my mind, giving it one star cause I did more time on trying to get thr app to work than the actual workout...
I just wanted the regular one not any extra fitness ones cause I saw this as an ad, I watched the full video then went to there website, took the test, watched another video, that was an hour long. Only for me to get the app, and got an account, only to go through the same things that the website gives me, WTH if I wanted to pay for the full thing, I would but I only want the fat loss extreme for no payment, BUTTTT NOOOOOOOO I have to pay for the full thing, just to get the fat loss extreme WTH!
SCAM Total waste of time. when I requested a refund they tried to sell me more stuff to get me to stay, then after i said no twice they stopped replying to my emails and I never got a refund. bare-faced scammers.
This app is total trash. I held off on writing a review because I wanted to ensure I tried everything before commenting, to be fair. I could NOT get the app to function at all on my Samsung Galaxy S7. Uninstalled, restarted the phone, reinstalled, cleared the cache... 3x. Even engaged their website chat support, couldn't fix it. Still didn't comment, figured it's my phone.. nope. Just tried on my ASUS ZenPad Z8S.. same. After you login, it just loads a blank white screen.
Thw video skinny fat goes black after 10 sec...
Really disappointing! The App is missing so many things like a way to track your weight, body mass, cm, when you exercised, the food you ate and calories. The excercises are very strenuous from the beginning on and do not increase on difficulty. There are actually only 4 set of excercises and not a different set of excercises everyday as promised. The set of excercises just repeat itself every week. I really expected something better. Now I want to get my money back and I don't even find how!
Do not trust it as looks spam. Downloaded and had 30min video to watch to tell special offer for £47 instead of £280 for no reason. Can't see what I would get exactly. Nothing clear. No exercise clear. And the same guy that seems to have created this app and this unique program appear on 5 different app as sponsored on social media as soon as I downloaded the VShred App. Really strange.
They deleted my review lol so I'm writing it again. The guy is a loser in the industry. DO NOT TRUST.
Boycott this company their ads cause seizures. This companies youtube ads flash black and white rapidly which can cause seizures. This is completely irresponsible and they refuse to even acknowledge people asking them to take the ads down.
I saw the ad on tiktok. I thought it was going to be a free app but you can only create a profile for free.
The app is not even opening can't even start using please help
Ad for this app stated free, clearly it is not free which is a shame, so take note you can download for free but it is 100% not free to get any advice or workouts.
Was looking forward to an app tht would help without spending just as much as a real trainer. Way to expensive after baiting customers in from an ad that promised free workouts and meal plans.
Can't register. Says invalid email. I call BS
When a small exercise app opens and immediately requires you to sign up full name and email it is an instant delete. They will only give you a minimal amount and then spam you email constantly cause it's a click bait PoS.
The app keeps crashing when I log in and evertime I press the button on the first question it crashes. I just recently purchased the program.
I cannot register. You cannot delete the example email and put in your own it will not let you clear the field. I am using a Samsung Android.
I want a refund asap. The app does not work. I can't get past trying to click on the gender option before getting kicked out over and over again. I've uninstalled and reinstalled to no avail. I tried to input my personal questionnaire and when hitting the submit button continue to receive an error message. I sent a detailed account of the issues via website email only to receive correspondence that while I'm waiting for issues to be looked into here are more items I should order. No Thank you
Signed up and paid for this app a few days ago. Haven't received a password so I can't gain access to programs or meal plans. Also been speaking to other people on the V-Shred Facebook page that have signed up also and are facing the same issues. No replies from the admin. would appreciate if someone could fix this issue or provide a refund.
I don't feel represented in this at all. My body definitely doesn't need the same things as melanin deficitient people.
Absolutely awful
blatant ripoff - website plus pdf repackaged as an app that's a pain to navigate - and it expects you to calc yourself, make notes etc. I got charged $67 instead of $57, too. at least the refund process is decent: their support team is fast and understanding. because of that I'll be willing to give it another try - once they have fixed the app, added a trial period and a proper checkout process that is.
Cant get logged in...requested a password reset no reply...waitng on a refund
Sucks
DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP! The money back guarantee you PROMISE is FALSE ADVERTISING and a COMPLETE LIE!
It's just publicity to try to sell you book about training programs
This is a scam downloaded it and paid for custom diet plan and I was only able to access this for a week and now i can't get anything and paid good money for nothing because I can't access anything save your money dont buy this and their response to the app having issues is to download the latest version..I HAVE THE LATEST VERSION AND STILL NOTHING WORKS
can only access supplements everything else is gray
On facebook you say your giving away for free.so I go through all the forms and video then you ask for payment.pointless
Everytime after I login it asks for my sex, after I select it the app crashes, hoping for a fix soon.
I bought the program and downloaded the app but when I try to open the app on my phone, it shuts down and says there was an error. I've uninstalled and re-installed and get the same thing. The app useless at this point for me.
free, free, free,... every ad you see about this claims the programs are free, well 94€ (discounted) does not seem free.
This is a fraud 😐, i thought its a diet plan but it is not. They just want us to buy this Burn supplement.!!!!!! Very disappointing .
It says I am young to use this app. It doesn't show my birth year.
Not free
I never used it. Not meant for people who are injured & recovering.
Horrible! Stay away from this company. Biggest fraud and customer service is non existent.
Vídeos are ridiculous and uselessly long
Мусор. Скачай бесплатно чтоб внутри донатить.
The vudeo says its free.. but everything requires money😬😬😬😬😬😬😬
I finally got pumped and ready to do this... The welcome email has been in my in box 2weeks. I download the app and can't get in it. Like everything else a scam. Im going to go to my back a try getting my money back
This app is a scam. Spend your money on an actual instructor. All they do is ramble in videos pretending to give you insight to losing weight. However, its all sales based trying to sell you supplements they told you that you don't need.
Charged my card without confirming
Long boring videos of him promoting same old supplements as the rest of these liars
Hey there I came up with a free app, literally nothing is free on this app
For 276 $ i can pay a fines trainer or 3 monts of jim it is not worthed
Great sales pitch,i genuinely liked the pitch it was solid . After watching a video for 30 minutes you are asked to pay as per usual , even though u downloaded the app becasue it said it was free , lol waste of 30 of my life
App doesn't work. Its not a transparent company
I wanted the training program and paid for it now I get 10 emails per day- - also monthly payment for what I do not kn2
Don't waste your time, or money. 31 minute video just to tell you to do HIIT exercise, and eat less unhealthy foods. Nobody should pay for common sense advice.
I could not believe it is not possible to make your weekly menu inside the app.. It should be basic stuff including an automatic grocery list too. Writing down the menu and making grocery list takes too much time.. Plus according the loooong ad which said it offers something different, the carb cycling thing. It turns out for the first 3 month there's no such thing. Just a plain old diet.. I am dissapointed, bit I give it a go.
I have been trying to contact about canceling my subscription and getting my refund before the 30 days but I havent gotten any emails back. Just don't do it.
I want a refund please. Wasn't what I expected.
Awful! All lies and little communication. No results
The video is so boring and the guy is repetitive, couldn't finish watching one
Nothing is free
I'm tired of the notifications to buy new products!! You need to have an option to turn them off!! 😡😡
I need help to get started with this program, but cannot figure out how to start??? Please help!!! Actually, I'm realizing that this program is not for me! Please refund my money, no questions asked! Thank you! Mary P.
The app itself is okay, however, they need to offer a much wider range of work from home exercises, especially in the age of covid closures. Also push their supplements too much. I get that's prob how they make money but it's just too much. Also, aimed more at US users not really UK, diet programs etc have items not stocked in popular supermarkets etc
I really DO NOT recommend this. I never write reviews but I thought I'd try to save some people money. One, it's slightly unprofessional how it's made. the counting that he does and the clock timer that's on the video are off on most circuits. There are four exercises that he gives you for an entire month. That means there's only 12 exercises that you're purchasing for 90 days. The ab workout videos don't work in full screen. These are supposed to be no equipment workouts, but some require equip
Just wants you to purchase more things, couldn't find any recipes or exercises like the app was supposed to have, so I canceled it.
Can't log on, keeps saying error with server or Contact customer service or retry. Been trying all day 😠
I'm sure the program works. Challenge is the program is very expensive for such a poorly equipped app.
Got stuck watching 2 additional videos and charged for something i never ordered. Total scam!!!
I don't recommend. Its not easy to use.
They charged me 114.00 which I did not want. Only was paying for 47.00. It would not allow me to change. All supplements are sold. Please cancel ASAP.
My amout has been charged but I can't access to the program please suggest as soon as possible
Can't login, reset ow, or create new account because my email already exists.
Cost to much
Didn't realize it wasn't free
Awful! Don't waste your money!
It is not interactive. In light of all the social tracking software out there today following the pandemic, honestly, I think this is just a way to be tracked. Now that I'm trying to cancel payment, having the hardest time trying to figure out how to get the hell out. And my subscription only began a week ago. Buyer beware!
Why would I pay for something I've not even tried?!
Isnt good
I signed up for the Eat & Fit app for $19.99. The reason, it was stated, this is the last fee you will pay, no others. The first time I accessed the app it required I sign up for a subscription for 1 month, 3 months, or 1 year, and more $$ for me to pay. False advertising and I demand a refund of my $19.99.
Don't even use this app and still got charge £52.99 and Google won't issue a refund
Not good at all... The steps are absolutely not accurate, while walking 1.5 hours in the morning I got 1265 steps counted while my Samsung counter was already showing over 6500. Too expensive app for nothing, literally....
Cancelled and they still kept my money, not worth a penny, can get free apps better!
I just paid for a pedometer 😑. Ad very misleading. I would like a refund
It costs. You only find out AFTER downloading!
Well i try to use it but it didn't want me unless i need to pay plans hope it can free free for everyone it will help a lot of people for sure
If it had a price i would think twice before putting all the information. If you want a free app don't bother. This isn't free.
Don't know the cost until you finish adding your data
AWFUL!!! FALSE ADVERTISING! This app is falsely advertised! I signed up & it gave the subscription offer so I picked the year subscription which was advertised as '£1.02' per week so I thought that's reasonable! NOPE!!! Checked my bank account & they'd taken £52.99 out of my account!!!! After a wonderful chat with Katherine from Google Play she helped me get my money back from this fraud app! Don't download this & don't be tricked into in-app purchases!!!
I used this app once during the free trial and then decided to uninstall the app due to the Quarantine and not being able to get to the trail I enjoy walking on. I was charged anyways. I reached out for a refund and they denied me of it and told me I would have to go to Googleplay. Long story short I have been bounced between Walkfit & Googleplay both saying its the others responsibility to issue me a refund & I still have not gotten my refund. Horrible experience!! Especially during this time!
Before anything it's already telling me to pay. No thanks. Uninstalling after 5 mins.
Only paid app. Nowhere written its paid version
Not free.....
Too bad app.
Nonsense app. Don't download
Says free then goes to subscription. No free trial
I tried signing up for the 7 day trial, then entered my card information to purchase a yearly afterwards, but was charged the $54 immediately. My bank said it declined transaction due to it not being a familiar charge, but it still looks like the company collected the money. I'm not able to even login to the site, its trying to make me sign up all over again. So not happy about this!
Feels like a scam to me.
Downloaded and completed questionnaire so it could tell me how much it would charge me for a plan.🙄
I paid 4 a year and haven't got 1 day out of it. Can't get in2 app. It's now 1/11/21 & still have never gotten. When I do all the questions it trys 2 make me subscribe. Why, I already paid for a year and not been able to use.
Nothing is free - disappointing
I'm not paying when there are other that are FREE.
This app is a scam! Gives you what other app can without the subscription fee! I want a refund!
Data scammer
Downloaded it after seeing it on an ad, but you have to pay. I promptly Uninstalled it.
DO NOT PURCHASE. Waste of money.
Opportunist. All they are interested is your money. First they make u provide heaps of your physical profile details and they will attempt to make you pay when you are about to done. Waste of time.
This is a scam. They say to get your plan, pay up. You pay and there is no plan. I WANT MY MONEY BACK
Really .........you should have given atleast one day trial so that people can understand how this works and also you are not allowing to quit if we are not paying.....like seriously.....Highly Unrecommended app this is😡😡😡😡😡😡
Is advertised as a top free app. It is not free. You can only input your information about your goals, then it ask you to pay for a subscription before giving you any Information of your plan. The rating is so low and without at least a preview of the first couple days of the plan much less information about what it can include, I don't feel safe investing. Uninstalled.
Awful app. Charges you £30 a year then doesn't even connect with the cheap ass watch. Don't waste your time. No chance of getting a refund either.
Unable to try before buying. Should offer something free as the app is advertised as a free app. I get nothing from simply downloading the app. I'll keep using my Fitbit.
Used the free trial and promptly cancelled subscription and now deleting the app. The distance walked is drastically off. Yesterday alone I walked 7 miles (different apps) yet Walkfit calculated it a 6.34km which is less than 4 miles. 1 walk alone I did more than 4 miles. Thanks but no thanks. Many improvements needed.
It's a con don't install very difficult to get rid of it from my phone as reinstalling doesn't stop the charges!!!
Misleading When I searched the app it said nothing about paying for it. Yet when you put in all your info you have to pay to get the information for your goals and can't use the app without paying. It didn't even give a trial period to see if I like it or come right with it. I uninstalled it now. Don't even waste your time unless you okay with paying from the moment you install this app.
Very terrible... I subscribed for premium where i thought it will charge per week but took all the money at once.... And the app has nothing other than a steps counter... No extra benefit for premium users.. then why you publicise that it has 4 weeks personalised plan. What is this? Arent you ashamed to develop an app like this and get money from people... On a serious note im saying this, i want my money back...
Don't waste your time, You can't even try it without paying
Cancelled immediately. The app just tells you to walk. You choose your steps per day. it doesn't actually calculate how many minimum steps or kms you should walk per day vs calories to reach your goal. Also promotes unhealthy weight loss. Unrealistic time frames to lose weight.
Menting money only
Not as advertised, said it would give me a step goal according to my BMI, but then asked me to enter my own step goal.
i purchased this app and then canceled as i only wanted a 12 month subscription the charge was taken from my card. Now i cannot access the app it tells me i do not have an active subscription but then it says active till June 2021 Not happy
Dont purchase this app. Because its date calander stucks on first day. Not moves to next day. So, dont purchase this app.
Terrible app
Have to pay before you know what to do so have installed already. Never hand my credit card details over to anyone for something I can't even try out and judge first.
You don't know it's for money, until you complete a bunch of questions. Disappointing
Didn't accurately acquire the steps I took. The app suggested I took more steps on a rainy day than was possible. On my longest walk days, steps were under-reported. ZERO value when compared free pedometer apps on Google Play. The support staff was friendly but wasn't accountable in following up on my problem experience. Recommendation...DON'T purchase.
Waste of time!!
Paywall that you can only get out of by killing entire app. Careful that you don't accidentally get the subscription! It's way too easy to do.
Pathetic. Useless. Tricking the customer always mean poor product being sold cunningly. That's not educated way of doing business
Scammed
Waste of time
Cost too much.
Have to pay right off the bat, well after they collect your info. Many other better apps.
I want to cancel and get my money back before June 2021. This app is a joke and you guys are ripping people off!!
let me test the app... you want me to pay for something i don t see how it works. bad bussiness model... the graphics are good...
😑 why should a person have to pay to find out how much to walk!? My samsung health app is better than this and came with my phone. Come on and stop trying to scam people for every penny you can, just ridiculous. Find a new app that is actually worth the money bit walking come on any person can google that ish and figure out how much they need to walk and google ain't gonna be like hey how about an annual few or monthly few. Get real.
Absolutely rubbish if i could rate zero i would dont waste your time it offers NOTHING FREE LIKE THEY ADVERTISE NATA NOTHING
Cheaters. After taking all info, asks for money
Wants you to pay and you haven't even tried it out. Also, doesn't bother telling you the cost of the subscription until the very end which wastes your time.
Very expensive for nothing!
Downloaded and started a free trial to see what it was all about then immediately terminated it as this app does Nothing for the money. You can't even link to your smart watch. You could buy an nice fitbit watch for less than this app yearly.
You have to pay before you can even see what they're suggesting for your plan. You don't even know what you're paying for. There should at least be a free trial longer than 7 days. Unistalled.
Well, I should have read the reviews. Just coughed up 46 dollars and I immediately unsubscribed after opening it. I guess they get to keep my money. I did not find any of the other sections of the app that shows your walking path, or your route on a map, It looks like a scheduled Pedometer. I feel like I just threw $46 Dollars away. I am kicking myself, the pictures looked so good, but the app is dismal. Something is not quite right. Save yourself the trouble, don't hand them your money like I just did. There is no way to know if the app is legitimate because you have to pay before you can even see it. I have been played. Lesson learned.
Forces you to purchase... no free interface
Buyer Beware! The app isn't more than a phone tracker. My phone tracker does a better job tracking my steps. The app doesn't always sync my steps and it's super frustrating. Also, it really should be free. You can find all the tools on free apps. I was extremely disappointed.
Poor functionality, not user friendly, limited options, I would like to cancel the subscription but can not find an option to do so. Please help me
Says it's a free app. You can install it put all your info in but before it gives you your plan you have to pay.
Not a good app. I wish I could get my money back. It doesn't do anything. The step count is very inaccurate even though it is connected to my Samsung Health app. I started the walk tracker the other night and it never tracked my walk. Total waste of money.
What a scam.... Go through all their questions.... Makes a plan.... Then wants to charge you for it! That's a hard uninstall
Cannot sync watch at moment???
The app said it was free until you were going to finalize your plan. Don't do it.
Another terrible app that just exists to trap you into taking your money.
This app is for purchase ONLY!! Wont display any info until you pay! Not worth downloading!!
Pethatic! Just a survey but nothing else
U should give a free trial
Makes you pay for it to see anything
Worst app need subscription
Such pointless app! Why would I wish to pay for something I don't even get to see?! Empty promises and money theft!
No free trial ? Of course i uninstall this app. You should make a free trial, maybe 1 month. If people are interested, they will continue to pay each month.
Says free but when u install there is a charge
If an app promises targetted weight loss, you hit uninstall asap. I didn't make the science.
Dont like how it doesn't give u a workout plan just takes u straight to working out without explaining anything
Do not install
I pay and the app it doesn't let me login and error comment display. They didn't send my money back
Poor, without allowing the a paid subscription you can't continue. Waste of data download
Should give out trial options
Not a free app!!!
0 stars
Doesnt work. You try to pay but app shuts down
You have to pay to see the results. You don't even get a preview to see if the plan is achievable which is not helpful.
Disgusted!! I purchased this app because I thought it would help me with my walking but it is very restrictive and doesn't do what I need. I asked for a refund but my emails are just ignored. Do not purchase this app it is s con.
What on earth have i just paid for??? Very misleading!!! NOT HAPPY
Too costly
It's for only paid customers
Scam, you can't cancel anytime, when you push cancel they still charge for a year of service. They don't return the difference. I purchased and canceled the next day due to lack of use it it did not give me any money back.
You shouldn't be taking people's personal data and then asking for subscription straight away. Bye!
I want to cancel this app it is not useful and i cant cancel subscription in my android so uninstalling wont help then what should i do while i have qlready done all directions that i was given to cancel subscription and i coudnt be able
You have to pay to find results.
Only the app download is free. Should indicate it at the beginning rather than getting to install and then ask for money right away
RIP off! Horrible step tracker that doesnt even work correctly. That's all this is there are no "plans" nothing else on here to help you.
Implying it was free app
Wants payment
Says you have 7 day free trial signed up on 6/3 subscription in gp days free trial till 6/7 every time I open app try's to get me to go for full subscription and says I've already had free trial? SCAM
Despite the fact you have to pay for a plan and it being a free app is misleading, it is not inclusive for larger users.
Dont bother - it looks like a free app but only if you are willing to part with an excessive amount of money it will give you any information at all. Useless.
Pretty presumptuous to expect people to pay for an app without giving any sort of free trial to see what the app is like and if it's the right fit for someone. I understand that the work involved needs to be compensated financially, but even a free 3-day trial would go a long way. I don't want to pay to find out that this isn't the app for me, and it's pretty sad if this is a great app and people don't sign up for it because they are rightfully cautious with their money.
You think you are downloading a free app that has in app purchases however you can do nothing without paying a subscription service. Not even a chance to see how you get on with the app before committing. I wouldn't bother unless you want to pay out for large amounts of time ie yearly or a ridiculous weekly fee.
Zz
I'm not paying for something that I can't see if it's for me.
You are allowed to use app only after payment is done
Misleading & fraud app
Useless really don't download
You have to pay for this app, it's not in app purchases, you pay to use the app.... should of read the reviews really
How can some one promise payment without even trying the app. You guys expect people to just install and then you give a candy to kids saying your plan is ready and directly take us to the payment portal. A big LOL. Seriously 🤣
Expensive...for nothing.
Very expensive, do not try!!
Over $300 for a year?! No thanks.
0 stars...This app is a con. It isn't free. False selling.
Save your money. It charges to use. Plenty of free apps out there that do the same thing as thing, and better! I'm not paying for an app to tell me I need to walk x-amount of steps! Ridiculous!
It sucks
Its not a free app. Paid subscription
App doesn't have specs for my weight, only goes to 331 lbs
UI and idea is good,but 1400Rs per month is toooooooo bad for this app.this won't get succeed in india mainly in android users. Try to adapt with a nor.al indian user's economy
Very miss leading and has you sign up for a bunch of BS.
Garbage. Requires credit card for "free" seven day trial
I wish I'd read the other reviews. Wasted time going through all the questions only to be presented with a payment page before you can see what you'll get. Uninstalled straight away.
Overpriced for what it is - an inaccurate pedometer. I went on a 3 mile walk and it only logged 507 steps! If you've a fitbit don't bother.
The ad says free, but app asks for payment even before giving a trial.
Is this app refunable?
Way too expensive for what it gives. Answer all the questions for nothing just to find out you have to pay over $60 not worth the time.
Wow! I was thinking about buying this app but after seeing several bad feedbacks I will not spend my money on this
Does not allow me to record my accurate steps from my fit bit!
Dose not give any thing unless you purchase a plan.
You have to pay before you see how the app work nope I'm good
How do you unsubscribe??
Lol it was suppose to calculate from standard bmi, instead I have to provide what is the bmi I want to achieve, worst app and also no trial just asking for money
The app is not free. Id rather pay for an app, then get on to pay for a subscription
Nothing to warn this a payment plan only app.
Pretty obvious by now but theres a paywall before you can use the service. Their excuses seems pretty weak since this is all being done by a formula on command not by any experts on staff actively as you progress. I'm sure this could be cool, but the dev's got really greedy. Just follow the advice of the loading screen and walk for about a half hour a day and you'll start losing weight almost guaranteed.
This app is basically useless! It doesn't give you any ideas or motivation it just counts your steps, which most phones already do. It doesn't link with my Fitbit either.
Indirectly paid app
Go through set up, enter all your information, THEN it wants to charge you. No thanks. I'll stick with more honest apps!
There is nothing here that does not require a subscription. Misleading in app purchase tag. It does NOTHING until you buy a subscription. Removed from phone will never touch anything from this company again.
££££. There is nothing free or even a trial on thia app. There Re far bwtter free apps that wont ask for purchases before even getting into the app. Wast of time.
Big RIP off .you think it's free until you put your details in then ask for money.
I'm a very heavy person and thought this would be a great start. When it asked for my weight it only went up to 331.9. I even tried tapping to see if it would bring up my numbers pad on my phone and no. I ended up just deleting it and thank God cause you need to pay. Not that I have a problem with paying for it, but im not going to pay for something that I can't put my real weight on into.
The app stopped logging my steps just after 1 day. It just froze on my previous day's steps. Not a good app.
It would be nice to know you have to pay, before entering your information. Waste of time waiting for the app to download and then adding the info. I understand some apps need to charge, but at least show payment options before asking for any information.
Not free at all! You enter info then have to pay to continue.
Didn't want to pay before I could even see what the program was like! Uninstaller immediately after I realized that.
It's paid don't waste time
Sick dude, couldn't even see what's inside and you get into charges. And the cost is too high... I have to delete this app
I wanted to see what it was like before I brought but there is no option. So I uninstalled 😔
Not good...don't waste your money
Such a waste of time I filled up the questions 2 times and it keep saying something went wrong.
very inaccurate with steps. drains my phone battery sooo fast. I originally purchased for a year. I am requesting a refund.
It was not as advertised.
It asks to pay pay and pay worst do not install
WARN CUSTOMERS WELL IN ADVANCE THIS IS NOT A FREE APP
The advertisement is misleading
Totally Waste..
धन्यवाद !! मंडळ आभारी आहे.
Didn't realize it was a paid application
This apps doesnt contain unsubscribe button. I cant find it anywhere. When I click the apps on my subscription page, it lands on apps info. it has manage subscribtion button that will back to my subscription page again. on and on and on... Get frustated to unsubscribe
Way to expensive for what it is
Bakwas app dont download high costly app
Must purchase subscription to use.
Useless! No more than what my phone already gives me!
They want money before even starting!
Awful don't even think it's worth 1 star Should be option for refund for 14 days but it is not there. Ignore the advert. Nothing like this in real life. Doesn't work out how many steps you need to do to maintain fitness. Truly awful
This aap doesnt let you select the smart watch as step counter which is very old school. Very poor app. Not happy at all. For just a basic step counter they charge so much money which is already available on all smart phones.
Don't try
App only for women!!😡😡😡
Very bad.. U should inform first about the payment.
Can't login after subscribing No help button accessible, no contact, no support
Doesn't sync with Samsumg Health.
Why do we have to pay for fitness apps. Why can't there even be a free option. And it's expensive. Maybe not in Dollars but put it into ZAR and compare it to our living costs its not even slightly affordable to the richer folk.
Unless you are willing to pay a monthly fee this is worthless.
It stated I would get a free trial and then get billed. I was billed immediately!!! I want to cancel and I want my money returned!!!!
Terrible, you can't even start to log in without they trying to steal your money... DO NOT INSTALL!
You have to pay before you can do anything ☹️
Takes basic details then straight in for Gym sized subscription, no chance to try first must be off your nut to subscribe with no knowledge of if it even works
Rubbish
Beware. Whilst we just looking around, I was subscribed to thistle £14.99 taken off my bank account. If my daughter hadn't noticed! I do not wish to too subscribe to
Cant use this app without paying
Only money no use
OMG 😂 this app is a joke. Just walk daily. This will not help you
This is a total scam! Do not purchase anything. The app does not do much, and it does not sync with fitness trackers. I am currently trying to cancel subscription, but have a difficult time getting my money refunded. I used it one day, and didn't mean to pay. I was trying to use the FREE TRIAL.
Way too expensive for something you can get for free
This app does not work well, definitely not worth £20 pa, doesn't count all steps, doesn't always move on to the next day so double counts steps on the day before. I would like my money back!
Not free
Requires paid subscription
Go through all stats to then be shown I need to pay get notted what a rip off
This app is terrible, has no way to change settings from meters to miles, limited settings whatsoever really. It is wildly inaccurate in tracking, the first time I used it it showed half the distance my fit bit did, so the next time I put on my fit bit, Garmin and had the app running. Fir but and Garmin were within a tenth of a mile of each other, this app was off by a mile (on a 4 mile walk) Unacceptable. Worse purchase of an app I've made all year and they are not helpful in refunding.
Money mind app...they just know how to grab money from coustomer.
App is paid app .. Dont install as heard many saying stel counts are not accurate and not that value for money .. We know Google Fit keeps more accurate and is free too .. another app not required unless they have trial version to try what yiu offering than directly ask to buy
Absurd
Useless until you buy a plan.
Just collects data, nothing else.
SCAM Alert!! DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP! It doesn't work and they will not refund your money! Rip off!
Waste
I got an ad to download this app on instagram. When I opened this App, it has listed out a questionnaire. After filling them out, it asked me to buy a subscription plan. 😂 There was no option to continue without purchasing a plan. It should have been a paid app. Why is it free to download! I wasted my time. 😑
This whole app is paid not in app purchases. what a load. My cards better not have been charged and I tried to check for a subscription
Kept saying Update...No Good!
Scam... anyone that believe an app that says you can lose 70lbs in 4 weeks by just walking ... is a scam.... don't let them take your money...
Useless. You have to pay to even use it. Uninstalled immediately.
Rubbish , asking you to subscribe and pay before you even get to see what is it like 🤣🤦🏼‍♀️
Just charge for the app if you intend to make money!
Have to pay what a joke
Garbage
It is a pay only app
Nothing about this app is free
Do not do business with this app. Their business practices are exploitive. They indicate a seven day trial but make Cancellation difficult. Just go walking and change your pace up for a half hour. There you have the app.
HOW DARE YOU! I did NOT download this app, it just appeared after my last update. An app that tracks my every move just appears on my phone. GROSS!!! Thank goodness this app is terrible at it's job. I took my dogs for a walk before I realized it was on my phone; it gave me 18 steps. What a creepy load of garbage!
Free to download but pay to use! Expected some sort of tutorial or free week to see if you like it before signing up but not a chance with this app. You put in your age, weight, goals etc in then immediately you have to sign up to a subscription of monthly, 3 monthly or 12 monthly. No way am I doing that without even knowing what the apps like or what it does for you.
It's click bait You can't ask a customer to go through the whole process and then say if you want to use the app pay Either ask me to pay upfront or let me see what the app is all about before deciding to pay Till then stop trying to inflate your downloads for no reason
Comments were enough for me! People are demanding their money back after asking many times. The response is, No response. I smell fraud. Way to go. Despicable app created by despicable people.
Downloaded and realized they are charging people to walk loool! Not to mention it literally does what my phone features do for free. Uninstalled as fast as i installed.
I have never used this app and I will not be able to use his app so please refund my money.
HORRIBLE!!! I accidentally purchased this app after the free trial expired they charged me $79! I cannot get a refund as no one says they have access to do that!!! Very hard to get through to anyone. Beware!!!
App is very bad
it seems free but you have to pay for a plan!
Its doesn't tell you a cost until the end
No notification of renewal so I lost $21. Cancel on day it hit my account. What a rip off
Not free as it states
This app is lame!!! It hardly dies anything and you have to wear your phone for step count. I dont see how to connect with my watch:( Plus, I spent 29$ for a year...what a waste of money. I really thought there was more to this than it is. It provides no motivation, no alarms or ways to set anything. DUMB
This so is awful for a paid subscription. The narrator language is sped up so fast I can't understand it. I really want this to work.
Its allows you to down load and give your details then at the ends say to buy it! If you want money for your app be upfront! Make it clear from the start.. waste of my time.
Should have read the reviews first. The step counter ia completely inaccurate and the screens it shows as examples aren't even a part of it. There is no way to connect a step tracker to this app.
Not free. It's just a survey and then you pay.
Weight doesn't go high enough to help and also costs to get plan. That wasn't stated.
Should listed as required purchase necessary
Pathetic
It's a waste of time... All the service are paid... We have to pay even for starting the app... Useless
Don't bother
It's not free like it was advertised to be.
Horrible... not much help. It only goes up to 331.
Just another app after your money. Wasn't even given an option for a free limited version or free trial. I'm not going to pay for something unless I know I will like and want to use it.
Trick you into thinking your getting something your not. Don't fall for it like me.
Worst
Free to install the app and answer questions but then you have to pay for the work out plan. False advertisement.
Couldn't get beyond subscription page. Seems this app is a scam. As others have said, should've read reviews. Got an instant refund from Google and would encourage others to do the same
Why do I have to pay to walk....?
BUYER BEWARE ~ Should have read the other reviews before signing up. Only thing it does is count your steps and doesn't even do that accurately. Screen shots shown don't exist. False advertising. If I could give it negative stars I would. AND if you buy more than a 1 month subscription (the most expensive option) there is NO TRIAL!. So I'm $36 poorer and this app is worse than useless.
I subscribed, it's just a step counter and logger, you have to turn it on manually, I have no idea what they're charging for.
Terrible. Terrible and Terrible. Just does not function. Wonder why I paid. Wish this App made some sense. And offered money back
I thought it would help me in walking but it tricks me into buying something. No thanks
I won't support anything that doesn't understand the $sign goes in front of the number. It's $100 not 100$
I canceled before the trial or whatever was up and was still charged! Refund please
Might as well pay for it to begin with. Nothing available for you.
Without any option of try they are demanding purchase.. Do not install..
It gives nothing, unless paid
Got as far as the gender selection options and saw non binary as an option, instant uninstall.
Horrible....
Bespotrebno trošenje vremena, jer nije besplatna app. Ko ne želi platiti i neće, ni na kraju ni na početku.
You have to pay before you even start
Scam don't download you get nothing for free should be a paid app
Thought this was free, it wouldn't let me cancel so I uninstalled it, very deceptive.
useless, u have to pay to at least try a schedule
You have to pay to use
It's All about money
Why doesn't the app just cost if they're going to charge you to even use it.
Payment is done but I cannot use the app... cannot unsubscribe... They will continue to cut monthly... 😡😡😡
This app is STILL NOT WORKING! I have been patient enough, two weeks now - I want my money back! Agree with what everyone has written!! I've subscribed to Premium and I've got absolutely nothing! Where are my 4 week plans? Where is my interval training? All I have is the tracker that counts my steps!! My own bloody phone does that - why would I pay £30.00 a quarter for that? Please contact me as I want my money back OR you provide me with the plans that you state you will provide for the subscription fee!
Isn't free
i want a refund!!i didnt expect it will automatically credited to my account😢😢😢
This is the most stupid app ever! Ask you to pay for something you can calculate yourself in 10 minutes. 😂
It's doesn't work with my Samsung Active watch. I don't always have my phone on me. I would like a refund please!!!
Maximum weight to enter stops a 331 lbs. I cannot accurately use this app until I can enter correct weight. Very frustrating!
Pointless trickery.
Couldn't figure out how to attach a fitbit to my account
Paywall after you enter your basic details
Not free.
No indication you have to pay when downloading
Wish I could score lower! What a Trick! Free to download, go through all the steps then before receiving any information at all hit with the in-app purchases. If your not going to have any part of this app as "free" just make it a paid app! Biggest waste of my time!
App is terrible.. I uninstalled only just using for 1 day. App kept crashing and would refund my money back.. Says it wont cancel till next year... Not happy. What a waste of money
App wouldn't open after selecting the 1 week trial. Got in a loop when attempting to access. Canceled subscription and deleted the app.
Ever tried to look up a phone number to find out it is a paid service? Yeah, this "app" is that. Also, it ASKS you what you want your steps to be per day. Now maybe that is starting data, but not really why I would want this app. Insta uninstall.
I installed the app then read reviews an cancelled my subscription almost straight away after ready the reviews they still took the money even though I cancelled my free trial an subscription didn't have time to use free trial before money was taken very bad service
Would not let me past the pay screen. It says free but wants to charge you before you even begin. Uninstalled because I was not paying $30 for am app.
I'm not gonna pay, when I don't know what I'm buying
Put in all your data gota pay to get them to tell you anything and honestly I am not going to lose 50lb in 4 weeks safely any way other than surgicaly
Why should I pay for walking it should be free
Only counts you step through third party sources. Absolutely pointless! Only thing it does it give you a target which you can set through your phones free app anyway!
Fee not disclosed
Listed as free but it's not. Not even a free trial available
Garbage. Do not download!
Scam... not free.. dont waste a moment
I should have read the reviews first. This app is a total waste of time, you get a few pages and that is it. Please don't waste your time.
Uninstalled! Costs too much.
Rubbish! Doesnt know im walking!
Bakwas app
Scam purchase app
Got excited, filled all my details out. Then you have to pay. I deleted the app immediately!!!
Put all my info in and it didn't give me a plan. Waste of time.
After I purchase the app. I canceled it. It wasn't what I expected. It won't give me my refund. My subscription will cancel after one year. That's not fair. I haven't use it at all. I still would like my full refund.
R1000.00 PER YEAR.... is what they will charge you
Terrible
Asked all the information and then asking for money...it is very bad
I NEVER rate apps, but this one was so terrible, I had to try to save you money. Don't do it. It tracked 12000+ steps while I was driving. No way to change settings. It drained the battery on my new phone in less than 5 hours. Save yourself $60 and go for a walk around the block.
it literally asks you how much you need to walk after it supposed to calculate it all for you, completely useless app. wish I would have read the reviews first. would like my money back too. false advertising.
This app doesn't count my steps properly. I walked a mile with my dog, then, the app said I walked 336m and earned 836 steps. Lol. This app is joke and need to fix this issue. Otherwise, completely useless.
Very high cost. There are so many apps providing free. Not even free tutorial here. Without understanding or feeling their app performance, we have to pay them. Seems not worthy to even install, if they demand payment first
The app itself is ok, but after a month or two, it gets pretty pointless. Ive completed every workout, some two or three times. There isn't anything new and its hard to track once you completed it the first time.
Thought it was free
Rubbish! Do not pay for this absolute nonsense! Basic pedometer that isnt even accurate vs my fitbit, dont know how to get my subscription money back but wish I did. Complete junk!
The most horrible app Not what I wanted no help ...please refund me...
You can't see how it works, without paying!🤬
You have to pay to get any info.
Downloaded for free but didn't know I'd have to pay in order to use it. Misleading.
Makes you answer all these questions then you have to pay to see the results. Terrible app.
Complete paid app no trial period
Awful
Not motivating.. despite seems nice.. But paying for it is not a welcoming choice as there are many apps which are free and workable
Bakwas
Fake app .. do not try it .. they just want money
Lol. Give me money 1st then we will play. Lol. Good luck with that.
I purchased this app, and it's not worth it! I tried getting a refund, but till this day I have not received a response from the developers.
Takes your money before it's done anything. Avoid this like the PLAGUE. Fraud and theft
After finishing all the steps. They started demanding money to give plan. They should have mentioned it earlier
Nothing free, pay to use only
I installed and subscribed for 3mon however when I log into the app it keeps bringing up the subscription page so I cant view my challenge. I tried removing and add it back on but that didn't work. I would like a refund
WARNING WARNING. Do not sign up for this program. They will take your money. There is no free trial. Once you sign up they take your money automatically. I canceled subscription on the first day of the trial period. Why am I being charged anything????? WHY AM I BEING CHARGED???
It makes you go through a questionnaire then tells you to see results, pay up. That is the most scammy thing an app can do. Just say it costs up front. I give it ZERO stars.
Looked great in ad, showing how many steps to walk each day to lose weight based on your BMI, paid for app and it was just a series of generic programmes, nothing like the ad, really misleading which is a shame
Spoiler alert, totally scam! Not even a sample of what the program can do. Who in their right mind, buys something that they have no idea what it does? From what I could tell, you'd pay money so someone can tell you that you need to walk. Go to Strava or any other smartwatch or fitness band app, you'll see your progress, you'll get motivated and it's totally free.
Useless app. Don't waste your time. Choose one of the free pedometer apps instead.
Money got debited yet app is not subscribed
Not free!!!
It's not worth a dollar.
I keep getting charged after canceling
If we need to pay for this kinda app, It would be better you add the daily food menu combine with daily walk or run into it as it is for weight loss for optimum result.thx
Doesn't do what is advertised
I bought it by mistake ...please help me with a refund ....
They show the paywall after taking all the data inputs. Might as well showed it to me b fore starting that might have saved so much time
Downloaded the app and was instantly charged £28.99 and the money taken from my account. I did not sign up for this
WalkFit fake paid app 1. Step counter - fake 2. 1 year 35 Eur
I would like a refund. This apt sucks.
Discriminatory, i am not 150 lbs. I would like to be but i cant put my weight in and get an accurate estimation. I guess everyone is 150lbs or less.
Waste of time, they expect you to pay to see if it works. Plenty of free apps out there.
Must pay for info. No trial.
App is useless unless you buy a subscription..
Worst
Not paying without at least a trial and it's asking credit info from the start no thanks
This app wouldn't download, Needs works. Once it's fixed I'll try again✌️
Fake, money hungry
I canceled my subscription and was charged again for app. Who do I need to contact with info before I call BBC?
Honestly just a waste of money
Useless app.. don't waste your time
Charges a fee though that is not clear initially.
Worse app ever . Doesn't count steps. Challenges aren't helpful
First.. you answer questions. Second.. you can pay 14.99 for 1 month (7 day trial which is still included on the 14.99 you won't be refunded) 29.99 for 12 months Or 3 months for 24.99 After the time is up you will be charged 29.99 without notice. Third you can get the same information online for free or with samsung fit or Google fit or apple fit. You're obese if you aren't in the healthy zone and the app alerts you every time you open it🙄 great way to be annoyed.
Don't bother downloading!! It is not free!! It asks questions then goes to a subscription page! So it advertising as free, when it isn't, is a HUGE LIE!!
Crazy expensive - not worth the money
You need to pay to get the plan
Its paid app, nothing is free. They ask you a lot of questions and then ask to pay for advice
There is no app without paying a subscription.
Worst app just ask all the details and ask you to pay
Asking everything and then pay for it.Atleast there should be some sort of tutorials or guidance.
Did not mention you have to pay
Requires subscription. Misleading.
Can you do negative stars? I didn't even have the app installed 2 min.
Paid content. Beware!
Tell me what the point is of having a FREE app that you can't use unless you pay? Con artist behaviour. Avoid.
Rubbish
Does not keep track of steps very well. My daughter and I shopped the mall. Her app said 1500 steps in an hour this app said 200 steps in an hour. Way way off.
Asks money
waste of using this App
Threaten to collect money before you even see if any results or how proram works? Say you will collect even it it is uninstalled- sounds like a scam.
You have to pay for it
Terrible
Makes you pay. Not a free service.
Signed up for free trial to see if I wanted the app, well put all my info in then went straight to the weight loss challenge and I wasn't able to go back to look at anything about my goals, weight or anything. Cancelled trial, don't think I would recommend it because I dont understand it myself.
Terrible. Downloaded and subscribed to free trial. It doesn't provide anything really other than a walking timer which my phone has. Couldn't see any kind of plan available to achieve goal, just different timed walks lengths?!
It is a silly scam program and it asks for 1 dollar each week
Waste of time
The ad implies this is a free app, however its subscription. Putting "in app purchases" on you page instead of "subscription" is just lies. You deserve LESS than 1 star. I have reported you to Google for this obvious scam behaviour.
It's a garbage app.... you put in all your information but you have to pay to see the results. Complete waste of of time!
very foul app. at first allured you to download the app, then having all of yr information, before giving plan, shows you the purchase plan of the app. #JUST #CHEATING very dirty and offensive business policy...
This is a complete fraud app. Never ever subscribe to this. They refer to a 4 week plan and don't give a plan. The app has major issues. No one handles the issues. And they also don't issue any refund even if you don't wish to continue. FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD. CHEATERS.
From the reviews, this is a no go app
Requires subscription. Just put price on app and I would consider it, but I don't like bait and switch.
Disgusting app
It's a shame that there is not a 0 star option. This app is not a free app with in-app purchase. And it is VERY expensive.
So many better free apps out there.
Waste of time If you find any positive review about this app its baught or made by them only
Would like my money back.... How do i do that??? 😐
It cost to do anything!
My subscription was not supposed to be billed until tomorrow. Why am I being charged a day early?
This is not "free" its free to download, but not use. I downloaded it, answered the questions and it immediately asked for payment, not even a trial period.
Stupid app. You have to spend money to use it. Nevet
Poor. Misleading in the fact that it offers a trial yet somehow I find myself locked in to an annual subscription which I've cancelled but don't get refunded!! App is average in it's use and really not worth the money. Step count inaccurate and app lags or freezes on my new phone.
I cancelled because it doesn't sync with any other devices like Fitbit or Garmin to track steps. I don't see much use for this other than a pedometer on my phone.
This is not a free app. You cannot do anything without paying. Avoid at all costs. Just go for a walk every day, eat some more fruit, cut back a bit on added sugar. You'll be fine.
Says it's free, but that's just the app. IT IS NOT FREE. They don't tell you that until AFTER they waste your time giving them your personal info.
Took 2 minutes of my time to answer question to and after the last question app lead to a payment portal ! Did not gave an inch of value for free first , really thirsty owner , you know how am I gonna quench this thirst ? By rating it 1 star and uninstalling it.
Free to download. Not free to use!
The app didn't even let me choose my actual weight. It didn't go past 331lbs/150kg or set my actual goal weight of 200lbs??
Just paid $50 for a pedometer that doesn't even work properly...
You have to pay for the app to see the workout plan.
600 CZK per month for what... Joke. WILL never pay for sometning like this, irelevant recommendation based on stealing money from customers. 🤮
For the cost of this app, i thought it would be more to it. I have a sit down job, and just dont do the walking it wants me ti do. I hate i waisted money first thing in 2021.
Super basic. Not worth it even if it had been free. And for $30/year I would expect better features and the ability to sync.
Useless 1000%
A waste of money as it won't sink with other smart track devices
Stay away from this app. No point to it. Just takes your money. Shouldn't be allowed to be advertised anywhere
It is just bad
Right off the bat I feel fat shamed! As I'm putting in my weight it says 'you need to pay more attention to your weight!' I wouldn't be downloading this app if I didn't want to lose weight. I had a baby 3 months ago and am at a point that I can start working out again. Not that it matters why I have the weight to lose but if you want to help people reach a goal maybe you shouldn't have statements that make them not want your help. It' fine to say that my BMI is high and I'm in the obese category
Total waste
Have to sign up for a membership to use it.
Not sure why you have to pay for this... essential garbage.
Absolutely useless app!
Very very very bad app. It asks you a lot of question then takes you to the payment methods. I completely do not recommend it .
Should tell you from the beginning that it is a paid subscription service.
Google should remove this app, so more Google users are not scammed.
Just give it to people chance to use it delete it
I wanted to trial this app and was immediately charged for a full years subscription. I cancelled and tried to get a refund but no luck. Its a disgrace ! Very misleading .... should be more clear. So as a result I paid for a year which I unsubscribed as I thought it would refund me so I am paying for a product that I cant even use !
I'm not paying $29.99\yr. uninstalled.
Immediately wants to charge you! Can't even look around! I should have looked first to see there would be charges
Seems that this company is deaf to all the negative reviews. Your not listening to the fact that a trial period is overwhelming requested. There must not be more than 7 days of worthwhile content under the hood. You guys are working off the one and done.
NOT FREE. After you enter your goals, to use the app, you have to choose a monthly fee plan. False advertising.
False advertisement....
Very disappointed. Filled in everything then they asked for payment. In app payment. Why not makenit a pay app from the start.
Steps get counted, all you have to do I shake phone and there's your steps. You can fast forward your walking to the next level. Want refund because it didn't show me anything like the screenshot showed. Waste of time and money!!
Not free to use.
THIS ISN'T A FREE APP AT ALL! Inputting your details is free, but to see your walking plan you have to pay a subscription fee, Very disappointed
Uninstalled
Not happy about payments. I dont like the fact that it does not make clear about payments till you sign up nearly. As a matter of principle if an app does that I delete. Be more honest. Try it.
Nothing like advertised. Like others wish I had read the reviews first. Requesting a refund.
It keeps starting me over on day 1 after several weeks of using it. It stops when I play my music and it's not compatible with Google Fit or my fitness watch!! Uninstalling!!!
Its not free.
Accidentally subscribed. Would like my money back please.
This the worst app ever!! I've walked so much and it still showed that I've only walked about 709 stressing when my fitbeat calculated about 6000 steps already.
It's only counting your steps. No plan of any kind, just tell you to walk. Refund is impossible. Save yourself some money. Don't get this app.
Not free. At all.
Worst app, won't install and buy
Apparently I'm too large for this app because it only goes to 331lbs.
I actually wanted a monthly subscription ,is there any possible way I can get a refund and switch to the same
Not free at all! All lies!!!
Says in-app purchases.....erm there is no app or info without purchasing! So misleading. I'm happy to pay for something if I can see what it does. There is no way of sampling the app first and of course the pricing means you're 'better off' paying for the year. Uninstalled....I'll find another app that's up front
Useless app..they will take the details first then ask you to make the payment...doesn't work without payment. No money no advise..👎👎👎👎
Total bs
Had it first less then 3min and already deleted it. Went through the whole thing and it claimed that I am able to loose 45kg in 4 weeks just by walking and to top it off i thought it was a free app but what it turns out is that before seing anything i had to pay so no thank you I wont be paying when I have FREE YouTube
Worst app..useless...
After keyed in your details, they will ask you to purchase their plan. So i skip & uninstalled.
Misleading app. Deleted it as soon as it requires me to pay.
It's a trap, it is paid, don't go in there. I wasted my 2 minutes.
There is no way to link the app to a FitBit or other step tracking device and no way to edit the steps at the end of the day therefore making this app useless to me personally. Realistically I don't carry my phone everywhere I go.....
That's not what I call in app purchases...you cant even start the app without buying it in full already !!?
DON'T DO IT!!! I saw this app in an advertisement, and decided to try just as someone else mentioned. I also did the $30 annual subscription, unfortunately the app was not what I expected so I decided to cancel, well that didn't work either! I downloaded, paid, and canceled within a 15 minute time frame but found out I couldn't get a refund. So not only was the app not what I expected, and I won't be using, I wasted $30.
Don't go near this app! It's a total scam
Spend 10 minutes answering a load of questions then cant get any further unless you pay for subscription
In today's era without any experience they want prior payment...
Utter waste app...money got wasted
this app offers nothing for free. it's a trap. and it is such a waste of time. don't download.
Don't bother downloading this unless you're willing to pay for the results.
Need to buy plan, we will not get anything for free here
Waste of time
The ap is free to install but cost to use
Terrible app
Waste of time.
The advert is misleading. Expensive subscription required before any plan is shown. No plans in trial so no faith that any plans would ever be provided, possibly just mining for personal data.
Just an add. Nothing to rate. Totaly useless...
Not up front about the subscription. I didnt read the whole description on the app or even the reviews. It sounded good so i thought i'd try it. I'm not paying for something i can't try first. Very disappointed. I know partly my fault for not reading the whole thing.
Not free 😕
Not reliable - counting phone movement but phone moves all day - doesn't mean I am up and walking.
NEVER DOWNLOAD THIS APP!!I downloaded this app because it said it was free. It's a scam and thievery. They used my card details because Google stores you details. I want my money back... This is a fraudulent transaction!!
Makes it sound like it will help for free so i downloaded it. Put all my info in just to find out u cant do anything without paying for it. Uninstalled
Dont use this app
Why should I purchase without any primary information? You should prove your self before wanted to be purchased.
You need to pay before you get a chance to see anything.
Cost at the end of set up, should disclose before you download.
Very poor app! You have to pay before you can even see anything, and they claim that I'm going to lose 47 lb in 4 weeks --by walking. It was 47 lb in 4 weeks or someone who's in relatively okay shape is ridiculous. Also, I'm pregnant and there's no way to gauge that. I'm not trying to lose weight, but maintain or slow the gain of the pregnancy weight. And downloaded this app about 3 minutes ago and already deleted it.
You won't get anything for try/free without paying
I cannot see my plan as it says something went wrong
Its not free
Subscription only
This app wasted my time asking several questions about my physical and personal information and after all of that asked me to pay to offer me a exercise solution!! The ap maker should explicitly inform the dowloader that without payment no recommendation will be offered. This way you don't waste people's time with the old marketing tricks. Definitely NEGATIVE!
It's a useless app... I mean there is no strategy in the app... No smartness... It's a dumb app and super expensive too... Give me my money back I have blocked my money and why don't we have smaller time frames for the subscription... I need a refund on my money
As a manner of respect towards your clients, you should at least inform them that all plans you are offering are paid before even asking or requesting their details...
This is a paid app.
I enroll for only a week because I want to try it first but the thing is you guys already charged me but the app keeps on showing me the prices page and wants me to enroll again for a year... If I click on the weekly subscription some will appear on the screen that I am already enrolled in that subscription, then why am I coming back to that page when your system can recognized the payment that I already made???
This app is horrible it doesn't serve much of a purpose but to half-ass count my steps. I just downloaded for the free trial and it was linked to my Google account and it charged my credit card I cancelled and deleted it as soon as it charged my card I want my money back
Just wasted my money!! 😔 Its a scam. Not recommendable.
NOT FREE
Useless unless you pay them!
Not worth the money AT ALL. I bought a year of this cheapo app and they refuse to give me a refund and Google won't either. Learned my lesson, don't believe other people's reviews. So lame.
Costs to use
doesn't pick up my steps!!
Just coz it ask all info but doesn't give anything in end.
Straight away purchase without trial? Uninstaller withing 5 mins of install. Bye
So I will just start to pay money before I can use your app. No trial version, no 3 days usage, I go just pay money, just like that? Why una no go carry gun and enter express to rob, na African thunder go fire una into pieces, awon oniranu, Omo Ole!!!
Not sure how this got on here! I've never used it or wanted it, I never have my phone on me so this will never work anyway. PLEASE CANCEL!!! 4th request.
You have to pay £21! No thanks.
Bought a years worth and it doesn't let me adjust daily steps or connect to my watch. No refund!!!😡
Easy to sign up and start payment but downhill from there.. hard to use and not accurate
It's not free charge!!
I thought it was free. You shouldn't waste your time putting in all your info on what you want to achieve just to get to the end and have to pay for it.
Cost money
Stupid app
I did the year in July and still have not been able to use it just keeps asking me to re-enter my information again now. I can't contact anyway not way to contact anyone.
I brought the app and wasn't too happy and requested for a Refund to Google play .they said I would have to contact the developer directly and ask for the refund. When I contacted the developer they said they can't do anything but to contact google play. I've just been shuffling emails to both the developer and Google play with absolutely no resolve to the issue. Please advice and help me with the refund.
Pay wall
Terrible!
It's not free
Don't bother you set it all up and don't get the results without subscribing
Useless...collecting money...
*Read the developer replies to reviews. They are full of themselves, yo. They know exactly what they are doing.* They immediately what payment. I would rather deal with ads to evaluate if it is even worth paying for. They dont do that. Good concept. Wish we could see if they did well in implementing it. Too bad they want a damn pay wall.
This is paid app. Not for free. Waste of time
Useless, no instructions, basically an inaccurate counter
Don't advertise a free app if it's not free! People who want to look after themselves but can't afford it will get their hopes up! Shocking.
With out seeing a test sample how can i pay for it.
Induce payment
What a load of garbage!. Can't continue with out paying money...
DO NOT INSTALL IT. You must pay to use the app
It should be made clear before wasting your time entering all of your information that you have to pay to be able to use the app.
DO NOT PURCHASE THIS APP!! Normally I discount 1 star reviews and this app has many. Having finally got past registration loop went for a 1 mile walk and it recorded 254 steps. Immediately cancelled subscription but will do 1 further test on a long walk tomorrow. Walk 5 mile using this app and Garmin 3 HR GPS. This confirmed this app to be utterly useless. I'll be contacting Google to ensure I'm not charged for this nonsense. Quickest uninstall EVER!!!
Waste app, please don't use it
I'd pay maybe 5$ flat for this app, but 1$ per week is ridiculous.
Doesnt work unless you pay
It's really a money grab... Nothing is there
Really waste app....Don't install 😤
Don't mind paying for apps but doesn't even tell you what you're paying for. There is no free advise at all to give you an insight in to what it has to offer. Waste of time.
Looked great but it seems inappropriate to push the subscription on an interested person with not allowing them to decide if it is what they choose. I DO NOT want to use it!!!
Its terrible it doesn't give you directions to get fit
There is no trial, it is pay to continue app.
Installed, entered details , then hit woth a PAY NOW PAGE. MONEY GRABBERS !!!!
App is free, but there is a subscription for the fitness plan. Lame.
Sorry, but there needs to be more transparent information of what you're paying for before you're asked to pay for it. I picked the monthly option that at least had the 7 day free trial, and then went straight into Google Play to cancel the subscription. No objection to a paid app, but it needs to be clearer up front that it is, and what is actually behind the paywall. For me, once I got to the "paid" content it was very basic.
Cost money don't try it.
Was a unauthorized purchase and took 52.99 out of my account and are not helpful with refunds DO NOT RECOMMEND
Horrible. Absolutely ridiculous
No free trial or anything. Should really say that upfront.
Not useful with paying money.
This app is terrible i can't make it for free you have to pay I DON'T WANT TO PAY
Disappointed and out of pocket! I am so disappointed that I am now £20 out of pocket after purchasing this app. After reading the app overview and going through the set up process I was expecting a lot more once I'd registered and signed in. I was astonished that this wasn't a free trial, so when I cancelled my subscription within 5 minutes of installing the app and looked to confirm I wasn't actually subscribed to anything the money had already been debited from my bank account.
A WASTE. Does not link with step tracker, so you MUST have your mobile device on your person to make use of this app.
Thought it was free
Purchase required right after installing.
"free app WITH paid subscription"..... Should have known with a 1 star rating. You suck!
Not free.
This is really poor. It doesn't tell you what pace you are walking, it just finishes a programme even when you are still walking. It has nothing of value really at all. Great idea but really needs some work.
Can't even get a trial without having to purchase a monthly subscription 😒
Not free
Do not even try...
SUBSCRIBED AND IT WOULDN'T EVEN LET ME USE IT. CANCELED!
There is only paid version
A very bad experience that ask money for everything
This app is paid
Per diversi minuti il mio telefono ha vibrato e mi sono trovata un msg che minaccia l'avvio dei pagamenti se non cancello ok l'abbonamento. Io NON MI SONO ABBONATA!!! Ho controllato i miei account e non risulta nessun abbonamento da annullare. Quindi???? Scriverò anche al vostro indirizzo email...trovo scandaloso tutto questo!!! LA segnalerò come scam!
Asking for payment
I would never pay for an app unless I had a chance to try it and I don't mean put your credit card information in for a trial. I have enough fitness apps that I don't need one that makes me pay right away.
Money money money all this app is about money such a shame i have to uninstally this app simply because u don't have a free trial version
Don't download A trick for collecting data and making mobey
Doesn't even offer a free trial. DO NOT INSTALL
V bad experience after uninstalling this app still adds was there too bad
It is a waste of time you have to purchase trail to get results
You wish a person to answer bunch of questions and then in the end just wish to subscribe for a paid subscription. No thank you.
Not a very good app at all. It doesn't sync with anything else, it only counts the steps you take while carrying the phone and not even all of those. It's not good value for money. Just a wee update on refunds, if you have bought this in the last 2 days you can get a refund via Google Play, it takes about 10 seconds.
Does not work with any step tracking devices.
Hey guys sorry to say after downloading this app and answering all the questions, asking for subscribing, man you want to increase the users base try giving atleast one week trying time 😒
I hate that you have to pay before you can see anything.
Stupid straight up wants money
It's advertised as a free app... only for the trial, then subscription. Typical bait & switch! Uninstalled!
App requires purchase, which is not made clear when it opens. I'm left wondering if the app is designed to collect data to sell on to marketers. Regretfully one app I cannot recommend.
It was advertised free. Then you can't get passed the purchase part. Stupid
Only to 331 pounds, really?
Seems like one of the ideas pitched by Erlich on Silicon Valley. A paid app to tell you to walk more to lose weight.
Free to download but not free to use. Once you've put all your details in you need to pay to actually use it.
Not free
False advertising. Very expensive.
Not free
Requires subscription, no options to try it to see if it's even worth it.
This not better then my samsung health fit app, just count steps and silly challenge not worth the money!!!
You don't even get to see your plan before they ask for money. I appreciate the app takes money to develop but it would be better for people to see their plan (even just week 1) before they commit to subscribe
This is a VERY basic app. Not worththe $$..you can't sync your smart watch. Definitely would NOT recommend.
All that setting up and then find out it's not free. You suck
The tracker does not count my steps or movement even close to accurate.
You enter all of your information and it tells you that you have to pay to access it. Two thumbs way down for me! What a scam. I'd give it 0 stars if I could.
Poor, when setting up profile it didn't go up to my weight?? Basic - Uninstalled
Nothing is free
Better off counting your own steps
Terrible! There is no free option! All it does is track your steps and its $5 a week!
Awful app does not tell u that you have to pay for it!
Deceptive and misleading app. It has nothing to offer
Asking for money redeculas app in the world
Not responding to emails for cancelation of service.
You cannot use this app unless you subscribe to their programs their advert is misleading ... all you can do it enter your details and can go no further until you purchase. If you are in the UK try the NHS one app 👍 it genuinely is free to use.
After I went thru all of the set up they wanted money: that should be said up front. Not cool, and wrong on so many levels!!!
The app is "free" to download, not to use 😂😂😂 gotta pay once we put in our details.
The maximum weight is 331.9. I weigh more than that.
Its the worst hoax on the google play store. Its complete waste of money and time. When asked for a refund right after the subscription they said its no refund policy. I am sure a street vendor has more decency than these looters. I deleted this app and this does not even have an option to login again. Their customer service is like robots. they keep sending you pre-typed emails. what a bad experience.
I was very hopeful as I filled in all the questions. Height, weight, age, step goal, weight loss goal, sex, etc. Then I subscribed and then I found myself in an even more basic step counter than what I currently have on my Fitbit. £28.99 for a glorified step counter is way too expensive. I cancelled my subscription on the same day I started my subscription so hopefully I'll.get my money back.
VERY disappointed. Paid ffor the subscription then found out it doesn't sync with any other programs. Since I don't have my phone on me all the time, it's very inaccurate. Complete waste of money. I wish I could get a refund!
Wish i could get my money back as it does not work. I thought it would work with my Fitbit but it did not come close. Sounds good but it was not.
Terrible app
There is no free trial
Have to pay to use app, don't even get to try it out first
You have to pay for the information results!
Dumb!
Its totally paid
Total click bait, you enter your information and before you can even start or try anything you have to pay. Many other better options available they you can test, not worth downloading
Horrible trickery! Don't download this app!
Free to download pay to use No free tutorial
Not even a trail option. Yiu do not deserve even one star.
It is not free.
Absolutely shocking app please read other reviews wish I did.makes you sign up as you can not view much before you do. Tried to cancel subscription and got charged a year even though that was not what I clicked on when trying to see if this was what I was looking for. So I've now been charged a year subscription for nothing. I'm sure its illegal as you should always have the right to cancel in the so called free trial.
Asking money even before demo
Got all the way thru to find out I had to pay for it..no free trial. Nothing. Couldn't exit without uninstalling the app. No thanks
Marketing propoganda don't invest
Pay to play. No thanks.
Unreliable and not worth the battery drainage, it's also not worth the prices
Nothing worthwhile is free. You can input your numbers. It says it comes up with a plan. Then you have to pay for some level of subscription to get any more.
1 no. Ki Ghatiya App
After all that describing free of charge no one expects to suddenly be asked to pay. You should let people know initially so that they dont waste their time.
Didn't appreciate it that it wasn't free
No functionality without purchase!
Well...out of the few weeks I have used it...2 or 3 days of the week the steps go unaccounted for...and I purchased the upgrade...very disappointed and would like a refund...
Total waste of money, time, 'used space in phone memory'
Why not allow the customer to know up front there's a charge to get the "full" app. Just disappointing.
If there was an option of giving no stars I would have. This is probably the worst app I have ever downloaded. It does not capture the steps at all. Moreover this app coerces you to subscribe and there is no option of exploring the app before making a purchase. Uninstalling it now
Free to download then you spend time putting in information only to then be redirected to a pay to find out window. Maybe just state that first so people know before they waste data on the download.
Don't bother. Crappy app that doesn't even offer a free version. If you're unwilling to pay you won't be able to use it. Total time waster filling out my info.
I have cancelled my subscription several times and keep getting charged. No response on how to get this fixed and get a refund. TERRIBLE!!!
Total ripoff !
To unsubscribe go to play store and go to app. You cancel there. Awful horrible
I just installed app. After filling in details it asking for payments. It's fully commercial. How to trust an app without even using it. There should be some trail days and later they go to subscription.
Downloaded. Thought it was free. Then find out it's trying to automatically subscribe me. I will be extremely annoyed if your app charges me. Pointless without some sort of free trail period or without some free features. Please confirm I'm not being charged. Adding messages that "you will still be charged even if you uninstall the app" is aggressive and poor customer service. Very unimpressed. I spent more time trying to make sure I wasn't going to be charged and writing this stupid review.
So far aweful, i thought this would provide a daily plan as advised but no. Waste of money, is basically an inaccurate step counter as the majority are reporting, had it for a few hours and its useless. Would like my money back. Csnt see any benefits that i don't already have with my Fitbit and is draining my battery as wont close down on phone, siting in background. Will be deleting and working out how to ensure the subscription doesnt continue.
Free app but it doesn't do anything unless you buy subscription. I would rather just pay for the app.
I tried the 7 daus free.. App nerer worked. I canceled and was still was charged. This is a scam! I want my money back. DO not download this app.
Why does the weight only go up to 330 lbs. I mean is it not possible to be bigger than that 🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️ stupid app
I wish it could be less. I thought I was getting a free trial period yet you have been charging me 21.99 per month since May of this year. I have not used this app. Further, when I attempted to cancel my "subscription," you stated that you will do so after the August 4 billing period. This subscription should be canceled immediately upon my request and I SHOULD NOT be billed for service i have never used!!
$20 bucks a month for really nothing. Gave the free trial a chance assuming I would get to see some sort of chart that told how many steps or how many minutes of walking. After filling out the personal info all you get is a step counter. Do t waste your money or your time.
I don't understand. It doesn't give me any information unless I pay something. So I have absolutely no idea what I'm paying for. I picked how many steps I wanted to do a day which it said was too low, but it still told me I'd lose 15lbs in a month. So I don't believe it's realistic. Just wasted my time really.
It isn't free it is asking for money
I thought there would be a free trial like most apps, but that is not the case.
Haha I just stupid to download it, its not free
It's ask your calculations after that it ask money (subscription) just for solutions Worst app Don't install.....
I cancelled my subscription, deleted app, uninstalled the day I originally added it and they still charged my account for the 3 month subscription. Seem to prey on those that won't realize right away that the company didn't cancel the subscription like requested and they will take the money from your account anyway. Don't add this app. It's false advertising and the ad that was up that got me interested isn't how this app works anyhow. The only thing you will lose from this app is money.
This is not free!!!
Dreadful. Inconsistent capture of activity - sometimes it does, sometimes it doesn't. Don't bother. Get a reliable step counter app or wearable instead
Max weight is 331 pounds so if you're over that move along. Collects a ton of personal fitness data then puts up pay wall before showing any I formation.
Cost almost 2.00 per week for the app
I'm not paying for an app that asks for money before we even get to the menu, or try it first. Never going to happen.
Does not work on Android
This is absolutely the worst. When I canceled it within hours of downloading it and seeing there was no point to this app I received notice saying I canceled in the free time period and would be receiving a refund. Then on my bank account I seen it was charged again and now neither the Walkfit app says Google play does refund Google play says no it isn't under the scope of things they do...thanks for reminding me that companies who can get away with stealing will keep doing it.
Got to subscribe to use any part of the app. No thanks.
Worst app total time waste
Can't use anything within the app without paying. Not willing to subscribe to something I can't even test out first. Especially when the reviews are so bad. Shame, because the concept is good.
Terrible..total advertised app..
No benefit unless you pay.
Developer asked me to what i did'nt like, i was not even able to use app there is no trial version how can i say that how was the app bcz y i should pay without knowing how good it is. 😅 Also request to not delete comment or else i have to report this app too please. Thanks.
U have to pay
Too expensive
As soon as you fill in your fitness requirement and get excited to work out, they ask for subscription.
Takes you right through the registration process and then asks for money. No trial period for free. Out and out paid for app
Purchase necessary uninstalled immediately
Terrible. Waste of money. How do I get my money back?? Honestly. It counts steps. Thats it
Quite bad form that it doesn't tell you up front you have to pay it. I would rather it it just charged you to download the app instead of pretending to be free but then charge you before you can do anything with it.
Cheat
I wasted 12.99, this app doesn't link up to any smartwatches.
Very bad app really it's the worst app ever
Doesnt work.
App was not what it was presented as. Don't waste your money.
It is a pay app😤
Dont want to pay a monthly fee
Mc app hai
Not free
Can't see what app does before being expected to pay a lot
Sucked!!! Would not give anything after you input your info! Not even worth 1 star
I didn't know it wasn't free!!! I didn't agree to a subscription after I answered all the questions about me at the end I found out!! I closed the app and Uninstaller it! I tried to click the back button but it wouldn't let me back out🤬 so I uninstalled! I didn't buy anything! Nor did I give my card info🤬
Waste of time and I want my money back after took money as soon as loaded account 30$ ridiculous
Asks for details then locks you behind a paywall. Terrible!
Absolutely awful app. Isn't correct, doesn't let you start in the day you want to start....charges the full amount even though I wanted to do the free trial first...appalling....
Pay bait
Wont let you use unless you pay
Wants money
Bad deal. You download and have to pay. Nothing for free on app.
👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
I just opened this app after installing it. I see immediately that I don't want it. I haven't begun the free trial. I just want to cancel it. It is nearly impossible to do. Where do you cancel this subscription????
Need to try the app first before one commits.
NOT RECOMMENDED charging too much money. Don't waste your money.
Worst app I ever faced in my life.
I should of read the reviews before I spent any money! I usually always do!! All this app does is count steps for $30 Horrible! WANT A REFUND
NO STARS. Unbelievable..... App states that is is R49.99 a month. Then I thought sure let's do it as it also says that you can cancel anytime. So I do it... See my online banking app states that the amount of R599 just went off my account.... So furious now. Want my money back.
Demands money . But not much use. Was referred to app by Instagram advertisement . Not worth the money.
Bo free trial only pay
Dont waste your time....75.00 a year for an app? Screw that!!!
The app says that I didn't do any steps this morning when I did. app doesn't meet what it's supposed to do. I've only had it for 24-hours I'm not satisfied with the products but I have purchased. It didn't count the precise number of steps when I wasn't even moving it was ticking over. And it doesn't connect my SmartWatch.
Doesn't sync with health fit devices
Installed it all and went thru many questions and then they wanted money. This is not a free app!
Shaal be Purchase app not recomend
You need to pay in order to use app. Very misleading!
There are many branded and high rated fitness trainer and weight loss apps on playstore which provides free suggestions.. for a specific plan they ask for subscribing butnot for just the suggestions as in this app.
Ugh. I hate when I have to pay to get my results. Show me the results first then let me decide if your product is worth my $.
Couldn't use it without paying monthly!
Deceptive
What I hate most about this app is the fact that I didn't find it useful and had a terrible time figuring out how to cancel it. Someday I hope to learn my lesson and not try these things out when they say they are free. There are free walking apps that work and don't rip you off. Shame on the developers of this app and shame on me for not checking out all the bad reviews before I tried it.
Fraud
Please don't waste your time installing this useless app.. it does nothing! After taking in your details it asks you to pay for it.. but still a good idea to scam 👍
Pay to get the schedule.. trash
It should say some were that u have pay for a membership.
When I have to pay for it, it sucks
Would not have bothered if I were aware of subscription requirements before installing. POS.
You have to pay for the app. No free version of the app. Almost $60 for a year.
All it does is want to charge you $100 or you can't go any farther!
Don't install it. They ask you 20 questions and then ask to pay. They should ask for a payment first so if anyone doesn't wanna pay they don't waste their time. At least let people try before they pay you.
It's NOT a free app. You have to pay to see the plan
It should say upfront there is a subscription or offer levels
I thought this app was a step tracker, and it was free so I downloaded it. After I put in my body type information and goal, it wouldn't let me continue without purchasing a subscription. I HATE apps like this! So dumb...
What a load of s%$t! Hits you up for money after putting in personal information...wants to give you your personal weight loss plan under the guise of being a walking app.🤔😧
Need to have your phone with you at all times and even then doesn't track correctly 😒
Don't always carry my phone & it doesn't sync to my galaxy watch so not getting my true steps counted. Feel mislead into subscription.
False advertising downloaded app and was informed after free trial fees would apply automatically bad app yo! I immediately uninstalled
Bad app
After all the details investing time, at last they ask for payment.
After knew that i should pay, i choose to uninstall it
It doesn't count my steps when I am carying my phone. Not happy.
not a real app, prompts you to buy a plan after you enter your info. dont bother, b/c 10,000 steps is no longer recommended, most people can do 3500/daily and still lose weight.
Very bad experience you should mark this app as paid.After spending some time it's not allowing me for atleast trail subscription.
Boy was I taking in by this app there's absolutely no way to sync it to anything so you don't know what they mean by when they say walk fast walk moderate walk slow I don't see any value to this program at all I just wasted $25 and now I can't get my money back a total rip off if you have a Fitbit you should be able to sync it to this program and you cannot
Have to pay to access anything at all
No free option. Uninstalled.
It's a paid app so ignore it.
Extremely expensive.
I have tried to cancel down my subscription as it was done in error but it is not straight forward at all even though google play offers 14 days cancellation policy. Please help.
I was charged for 3 months before I could even evaluate the app. I assumed I would at least get a 7 day free trial before my card was charged. Nope. Also, this app does not merge with my Fitbit. Workouts are basically timed interval walks. Nothing I couldn't just do with a treadmill. Don't waste your money. There are better apps out there!
Didn't even get past set up. Weight only goes up to 331lbs. Just rubbing it in now...
Once you enter your information it says something went wrong. Can't move forward
I wish I could rate it less. I saw this as an ad and thought I would give it a try. Its definitely not free. You can input your BMI numbers but then it asks you to subscribe. I said oh what the heck I will try it. So I did the $30 a year subscription. Well stupid me because when I got to the main screen, it is minimal. Almost nothing to do on this app. I also cannot link my fitbit to the app so it looks as though I don't have any steps. Buy a timer and do it yourself Do not waste your money!!
Unfortunately I paid for this and wish I hadn't. It misses steps and is unreliable. I would like my money back or at least make sure I don't get a recurring charge.
Tried to cancel a few minutes after ordering, as it said I could. Then I see that they don't want to cancel until the end of a year! Not be right. I will have my credit card company dispute this as an unfair trade practice.
no free option, no trial
They let you fill in all your details THEN at they end they request money. These type of apps are useless.
NOT Worth the money. Very basic!
Offers nothing for free and exorbitant price for anything. Don't waste your time.
It doesn't work. I've just went for a 45 min walk and says I've walked 10 minutes.
It was meant to be 0.56 a week but took the whole 28.99 out at once, its not a great app I've now lost 28.99 what a waste
I don't have this app but have been charged 19.49 from my PayPal and bank.. no emails recieved either
Fully deserves its one star average for predatory subscription practices. I never sign up to a service that takes you subscription on a yearly basis. £52.99 in one lump sum while people are globally losing jobs as a result of the pandemic is insane! If it was actually the £1 a week or £4-5 a month that I could cancel at anytime then I'd subscribe.
Not sure it's worth £52 a year, didn't even try it sorry.
Scam
This is a paid app. No info in the beginning
False advertisement
Where is the option to refund? I didn't miss the 2hr window to refund.
Pathetic
There's no free trial
This is not an app...it's an as. Don't be conned.
Worst app ever , nothing to use unless you pay and no trial option to allow you to determine if the app is worth buying. ??? Not clever lads , bad design
Misleading app, did not have the content advertised
App doesn't let you scroll and when it goes to create my plan it crashes everytime. Tried reinstalling but still no luck, so I'm uninstalling it.
Not detailed enough
Wasting tine, asking your detail than showed up the payment
You have to pay the get any further, no trial offered to see if it's even worth the purchase
Really poor for the cost .. I bought it by accident and can't get a refund but ive deleted it because it's that poor
This app is terrible. If doesn't connect to my Fitbit. It doesn't track my steps correctly. It's off count by thousands of steps. I can't manually change the step counter to reflect what my Fitbit says. If it was able to do that, I would have such a problem. In theory it sounds like a really great app. But in practice it's pretty crappy. The developer knows that which is why there isn't a free trial. People only force you to buy something when they want to boost their sales for their investors!!
waste of time. do not download
Waste app.. do not install it.
I'd say it's a basic rip off of Samsung Health but it doesn't even work.
Don't download , once the plan is created they will ask for money , nothing is free , nor they give you an option of trial
Pricing is pretty High
The problem with "WalkFit" it makes you comfortable at first then it tracks your weight just at end it wont allow to enter the main first you must pay without any payment you cant get any more access.
Useless app. Starts monitoring while not doing activity.
I was not even able to pay for the app. Based on the app feedback looks like I dodged a bullet.
This charges you to literally just track how many steps you take. The "plan" is literally just, walk every day for a certain amount of time.
Just pedometer. Don't understand what I paid for. Update 8/1/21: I want my money back! There is nothing to pay for! This app just counting steps! Many apps do the same for free! My fitness bracelet do it for free! I thought this app can give personal recommendation to help me reach my target. But this app do nothing. Update 9/1/21: How can I get my money back?
Can't try it or explore app at all without subscribing....
No free trial, I won't pay for the app if I don't know if it's useful to me 🙄
I downloaded the app a while ago. When I looked into it to see how much it would cost, I decided to wait with completing set up. I went back and noted that they offered a 7 day free trial period. Surely that would provide an opportunity to try out the app with the security of being able to cancel it and not be charged...because it's free. Wrong. As soon as I clicked the option and finished with the "purchase" on my Google play account, I was charged. It's not free apparently which is BS!
Starts off all good asking questions then BAM cant help ya out unless you $$PAY$$ No thanks I'll google for FREE
Awful app
Gets you to set everything up then prompts you to buy a membership. Uninstalled!
Waste of time. You can't use this app without paying for it. After you go through the intial questioner it asks you to pay.
You can't do anything or even see what the app has to offer without making a commitment to pay
Unable to use at all before you pay
Not free or even a basic option for some free use or at the least a trial to see just how "reliable" it is. They say in the comments its impossible to create a reliable good product for free but most amazing apps have a basic free user option and then extras you pay for, so thats a lie right there. Uninstalled.
Have to pay before seeing any tableu
Worst app ever... It attracts people using ads, with so many questions in the beginning, asks for a purchase. Big scam.
Got this last week, then got a new phone, transferred all my apps, opened this one and its making me buy it again. What a waste of $$ I can't even use it anymore. They got $30 out of me. It's also a basic walking app. There are free ones that are better than this one. Don't waste your money on this one
Cant access without a subscription, just charge for the app instead of wasting people's time.
Very bad app
Worst app, don't even start anything. They only wants to buy you a plan for a start. So guys please don't even download it, it's just a waste of time.
I don't feel I should have to pay before experiencing what the plan has to offer. There should be at least 2 weeks to a month free trial. I don't pay for anything before I see what it is all about
Massive con. Nothing for free at all
Told you nothing until you pay
Paid for nothing
Is not free...
Not a free app makes you put in all your info then tells you at the end you need to pay for a subscription
If you want money u must say before we put our information and wasting our times
It's definitely not free. Nothing is free in this app. It's a scam.
£53.00 for a year, for a walking app. Tip: Just go walking.
This app is pretty deceptive. Don't get it. Unfortunately I can't give it 1/10th of a star.
They waist my time at the end they charg you well I just say waist of time
You can't see anything without subscription
Uninstalled for no prior Notification about paid app & wasting my time giving them personal information
No chance to see if I am interested or not before I have to pay! Not for me!
Nithing free
Useless
This app is misleading. It is free to download, but once you've filled in all of your personal information, it requires you to pay. There's no problem with someone charging for their products, but be up front about it. I immediately uninstalled it as I find that deceitful advertisement.
You'll need to pay before you can get anything 🤦🏻‍♀️ what a waste of time
Subscription based. No thanks
This app does not work well. I get to the end of the day and it thinks i walked about 200 steps, all day. Also good luck getting your money back, even though I only had it for 2 weeks. Oh, and it's definitely not "free." Not even a free trial or a grace period.
It is NOT free!!
I wish I could rate this even less, as well. It is a trick. Starts out as an ad, thought I would go thru the steps to see what it is all about and then boom, there you have it. You have unintentonally gotten yourselft into a free trial amd no way to get out of the app without selecting a package. Lots of language letting you know you have to cancel or get billed thru Google Play but no info on how to cancel. It isn't even showing up in my subscriptions. Big waste of time.
Rubbish. You can't see what the app does without having to agree to a subscription
Stupid app. I downloaded to see what it would suggest for me but it wanted money before telling me a plan. Total BS i will just continue using samsung health at least it is free.
You have to pay subscription fees Before you can do anything, they don't TELL you this before you download the app.. ITS NOT FREE
No te da ninguna información sin pagar, una perdida de tiempo.
You can't see anything the app has to offer unless you pay for it. Might as well charge for it to be downloaded..
I better not get a bill for anything! This is a illegal app. I Uninstalled as soon as I saw it wanted to charge me. Highly deceitful and deceptive. Stay away
paid app
You go through everything and then you have to pay
It doesn't give any info and charges money
This is not free at all, advertised as free. Thought it would be better than my Samsung Health app. If you have a Samsung and are reading this just go to that one, it actually logs steps and has excersize goals.
It doesn't give you a tryout option before buying or checking.........
You have to pay to get any walking plan at all Didnt bother.
Don't waste your time
Weight doesn't go high enough.
I think in app purchase is not what you mention when there is nothing free available
Pay App
It's a con
Rolled over and phone registered lots of steps. AND EVEN THOUGH I JUST INSTALLED IT I AM STUCK PAYING.
Wouldn't give me the plan after inputting all my personal information. If I could give 0 stars I would! It just wasted my time.🤬
This app should be taken down, as it does not deliver what is promises.
Poor! You get nothing after downloading the app. You have to register and input your cc information. I decided to try the free trial (7 days) to see if it may be something I would want to continue with. However, you still get no personalised information. What you get is a step counter. Biggest scam ever! Do not download!
Have to commit to pay to do anything. Not exactly helpful
Too expensive
Asks you to pay to see a plan.
There needs to be a free trial of some sort before i will committo purchasing. It also helps so you know which plan you want to choose. You enter in your info and then out wants payment immediately. You can't even look around and see what the app is and how it works or if you like it.
I love the idea behind this app. But if needs to be updated. It doesn't count your steps accurately. I wish it could connect to my smart watch...them my daily totals would make sense. I should have read the reviews before purchasing.
This is the worst app to unsubscribe from. For this reason I am not even going to rate this app. I am only pressed one star as the review won't let me post without rating it by with a star out if 5.
I installed it and filled the details till they asked me for money... Why should I pay them.. after all I don't need their help to walk as much as I can..
Just downloaded, said I was a man and I wanted to lose weight, and it showed me 3 images of a woman. Really? #fail
Don't waste your money, it told me I'd done 7900 steps in 20 mins and walked 7 miles when I'd actually only walked 2.5 miles...I know this because I drive the same route. 😠
Yeah this app is a fail.
Paid applications
It's a paid app! Bloody hell
Scam...its absolutely useless
Garbage. I can't use without purchasing. Immediate Uninstall!
After putting all data, it will require you to purchase plan. No demo or free subscription is there...
My watch does it better
Didn't realize you had to pay for it, not a free app
Subscription fees unless you cancel but then doesn't indicate cost!
Not able to view it without paying. People need to see what they're purchasing. Even a trial week would be helpful. I get that you're in the business to make money, but you also have to let people know what they are getting.
Scam! Paid then it shows NO personalized plan. Nothing like 4 week plan pictures. All i see is a step counter (which i hear is off count by a lot) and some challenges which everyone can get and do. Nothing personalised to me and my goals. Not worth any money.
program accurately tracked steps, but calorie, mileage and time lapse were erroneous. For instance, 3,499 steps, 31kcal, 7.2 miles, all in 13 minutes! Customer Service tried to tell me everyone is different. Canceling subscription after 5 days and they still try to keep 1 full year! Charge back time.
No trial mode available. You have to provide payment details even for the very basic plan. Why would anyone pay you without even looking at your services? There are many other apps which are offering better user experience. Trial mode should be available for any user to have a look at your services/plans. Disappointed.
This is a worthless app. First there is no trial period. They charged my card immediately, with no ability for a refund. In addition you have to have your phone strapped to you to count the steps. Don't waste your money
Filled out all the details and no information given and then you have to pay before anything. Paid and got no information on step goals or anything. Asked for my details to be emailed and nothing came through. Yes my email is correct. Waste of time and money.
No trial, you have to purchase. Weight lost goals set is unrealistic.
Very bad app
Filled it out only for the app to say something went wrong
This is the worst app! It doesn't log all steps! I carry my phone with me constantly! I have reached out with an email to the developers with absolutely no response! They do not care that their app doesn't work! Save your money, DO NOT PAY FOR THIS APP!!!!!! I wasted my money so you don't have to! Edit: it doesn't do any good to contact you via email. I did when I first realized it wasn't logging steps. I heard nothing back! So yeah Cheers to your garbage app and horrible service!!!
Expect you to find out for a full year given very little information and no free trial. Ridiculous!
Free to install then cost to get the plan. BS.
In order to use this app, you have to buy a subscription!! Joke.. Its a bloody walking app.
Really disappointed in this app. I had done 3.5k steps yesterday but this said I'd done 0 steps so I cancelled my subscription. Just disappointed I had paid for the year as now I feel its money wasted and cannot get it back as I won't be using it as it doesn't work and cannot get a refund. Wish I could of given 0 stars
I'm not subscribing to anything unless I get at least a preview of the features first. Also there is only an option to lose weight, not to stay at your current weight. This seems to be strictly a weight loss app, not a 'fitness' app.
Time waster, not a free app
Doesn't track my steps.
Worst app
Bloody RIP me off....I paid for a service that just doesn't suit my requirements yet after only using it for a day, couldn't get my money back....and comparing the receipt to my bank statement was charged extra......piss poor damn customer service....certainly going to let everyone on my Facebook know about you rip off c*^#ts.....
I'm disappointed. It looks like good app however I am hesitant to pay such an amount without knowing what am I paying for even one day trial would help many people to decide whether this is worth the money. The app looked interesting enough for me to download it after seeing the advert which pop out through the game I was playing. However there are so many games which has misleading adverts. Therefore you can understand my hesitation to pay this app. Consider trial so we don't need to hesitate!
No option to even preview th app. Just pay up front.
Very bad experience. Asking for money without even showing some trial period. It's a scam. Do not download.
Downloaded thinking it was free .... nope you fill out all your information and to find out your results you get taken straight to a payment page. Terriblee app... as it doesn't say you need to pay when downloading.
This app doesn't work I went on a 2 hour walk and apparently only did 79 steps where according to my phone step counter I did over 11,000 steps.
It's not free.
It's not worth it. disappointed.
I understand in app purchases but ti be able to do anything you have to purchase. Nevermind. I will find something else
What a joke and waste of money 😡 I want my money back! BEFORE you purchase the app, you fill out your body details and goals, purchase the app, than it just takes you to a little walking thing with NO plan or explanation of why and what you should be doing. Where is my 4 week plan I was lead to believe I was purchasing ?!?! 😠😠😠
This is a RIP-off, I subscribed by mistake and I have been trying to reach someone for my refund and they keep taking you back and forth. Its not even worth it. Worst app I have ever encountered. Google play should avoid some of these apps. DO NOT PURCHASE THIS STUPID APP. so mad🤬🤬🤬😡😡😡
I tried to cancel the payment but must wait three months before cancellation goes into effect. That doesn't seem right since the website said cancel any time. I guess I should count myself lucky that I didn't sign up for the year's subscription.🤬🤬🤬🤬
Terrible
Rop off
You get through the questions and then it prompts u to pay for a subscription
Can't believe I wasted data to download this money app have to pay 😂🤣 pass no thank you
I'm not paying a subscription to have someone tell me if I walk more ill lose weight! Thats not an app, its common sense.
Money only money nothing free ask u every detail at the end starts begging
Dang I hateeeee it soooo much btw u have to be 16
This is definitely a scam I only wanted help with information on walking and now I am being charged.There is no way of cancelling this app (Get me out of this scam now) I cant afford to have you take money out on me I only have a pension.You claim to help people but nothing like it.
Wow. Even after all this customer feedback, nothing changes. Says alot about the importance of customer input to this company. Soooooo not worth it
Money orientated
Fake Nothing special just to charge you
Didn't realize you had to pay to see your plan. No trail, no limited settings all or nothing. Uninstalled there's enough out in the public to help lose weight that are free.
it is paid app do not download this
It's not free and expensive
Terrible app. You don't get any of the analysis that the images suggest. It's just a reminder to walk, which I can get for free anywhere. Steps don't record accurately. Total rip off.
Paying app ...😏 . Go back to sleep .😴
I canceled this app within 5 minutes of setting it up. You go through a lot of hassel entering all your information, then have to pay to get plan only to find out that it's nothing more than a tracker instead of guidance. I had the app on my phone for 5 minutes, canceled it and still haven't received my refund.
This app is useless i have wated my money its not doing anytging apart from counting steps thaat too in wrong way.Money wasted
This app is a con. It has taken the subscription out of my bank but I am unable to get past the payment screen. Absolutely useless. I would like my money returned asap.
They ask you a long list of questions and request money. Its dishonest
So I installed it fully expecting to be disappointed and have a laugh, FYI I am underweight and so I gave in my height and weight hoping it might be smart enough to not recommend weight loss, sike nope it gave me only options to loose weight.
False advertising. They don't create a plan based on your stats. It's data mining that you pay for and a crappy step counter.
Poor
Almost no content or tools.
So bad
i will not pay
Asking for payment
This app cost money. I am terrible at keeping up with 7 day free trials so I didnt even get to try it out
This did not do what it promoted. I am trying to get my money back!
Bad app. If you want money ask as a first thing. Not after wasting 20 min of user's time.
Doesn't work. Not beneficial to my needs. No simple way to cancel it. Rip off. Just another way to plunder people's bank accounts.
Today I made the subscription and cancelled it right away. I am not satisfied with the application and I would like my money back. I even uninstalled the application.
Worst app.. this app made for money... Not for people's fitness.. 🤮🤮🤮🤮🤮
Big Con.. Lets you get setup then tries to charge you on the last page.
Wow, this really hurt. I can't even input my weight into the app to have it create a walking program for me. The counter for entering your weight stops at 331.9 lb, and I weigh much more than that.
I could get much more are accurate information from my free MiFit app. There is nothing to help you weight lose. I have paid for a year by mistake, please refund.
Why only 1 star? Because this is a scam! I filled in all my details to see how much i need to walk to lose weight and before i can see my routine u need to pay the subscription! Rediculous!
Waste of time.
No use
Paid app
Asked to pay....
The program isn't free. Downloading is free, but if you want it to work I have to purchase the program? No thanks.
Have the app be able to sync to fitbit, apple, ect. I don't have any interest in having my phone on me every second of the day and I can't because of where I work. I am disgusted that I spent money on the subscription. The add that I saw on Facebook for this app was EXTREMELY misleading. I made me believe that the app would calculate how many steps I would need to take loose weight as did the pictures you showed in Google Play. It is ABSOLUTELY NOT the case. Don't waste your money.
Complete scam. It is just an ad.
Damn you guys should sell you app to anyone who's even paying you a dollar.....Look at the reviewS who will even try ubwith such reviews and feedback.
I'm not paying. Why set up everything only to then get asked to pay before rest!!!!
Expensive and not useful
No information without payment. Doesn't have any basic information on how they are trying to achieve.very fishy
Didn't know it would cost
I would like to get my money back. This app purchase was a mistake!
Looters 😂😂😂 they will take all your details at the end it will stop u at the payment options that to tooo expensive.What a foolish marketing negative start for this. Don't install it giyz.
Not worth the $
Fake.. took all my info and just asked for payment without any trial. Uninstalled just within a min of installing...
Not Free to do just download 😒
Signed up set up my subscription and got nothing wouldn't let me continue kept telling me I'd already signed up but wouldn't let me use the app complete waste of time
You can put in your measurements, but before you actually get anything you have to pay.
Described as a 'free walk tracker' whixhis an out right lie. You have to subscribe to use the app. False advertising and I will delete allbthe apps from this company.
Waste of my time !
Trap to pay
Costly
Paypal could not verify that this is a valid app. Goid bye.
Priced
Why do.we hv to purchase everything
Interesting start of the app and then later you can go ahead without buying.. waste of time.. there should be an option to try it
Not free
Pay for a walking plan at the same price as something useful... No thanks...
Terrible...only used it for 3 days b4 notifications were bothering me...try to turn them off and get pop up to make subscription for app but unable to close the pop up and have to close the whole app....now can't use it at all!! Uninstalling!!
Very inaccurate app, certainly will not be paying for this app my Samsung health picked up my 19,567 steps today yet this app picked up 2,256 don't waste your money
DO NOT DOWNLOAD!@ Horrible, awful. Tried to get refund after 5 minutes of downloading, developers said contact google, I did and they said developers are responsible. Make since, if I advertise a crappy product in newspaper, it's not the newspapers fault. They are just a means( platform) for the product to be sold.
Worst app ever, don't pay
Shows it's free and then tries to charge, uninstall straight away
Just no.
Useless app..
NOT-FREE. Go through the wizard of entering your details and then it asks you for payment to access the app and your plan.
Makes you pay to even see how it works.... No chance.
Bad
Not free app.
This is not free...app is, but subscription to use
free to download.. pay to use.. i dont even know how good this app so i should this app.. sorry for 1 star..
Cant even try without buy...
Lol uninstalled immediately 😂
Uses too much of my phone. Doesnt correctly follow steps. Wont connect to fitbit.
No trial, downloaded and even a free week yo try before buying i may have signed up. Shame as may be a good app but why buy when don't know what it is about
Useless app.... if I can review without giving a star I will have done it.... If you are ready to pay the subscription download this app. Because it doesn't show your plan unless you pay and subscribe......
This app is horrible a freaking waste of money. It only tracks your steps. And there ain't a way to cancel it. DONT RECCOMEND IT
Worst app ever. As soon as its downloaded they say they'll charge you unless you cancel. This was not posted for people to see or know clearly at all. I'm cussing so loud right now!! F this app!! I give zero stars, sucks beyond sucks. Traps you. Lame! Wont even pop up in my google play subscriptions for me to cancel!! I'm beyond livid!
$15.99 for walking?!
I should not have signed up. This is exactly like fitbit which I already use. Hopefully will get a refund.
Waste of money. Use your fitness watch. App assumes that every time you take a step your phone is in hand. No integration with fitness watches. So many more complaints. Just don't waste your money
Need to cancel!
Fake app deamabd money only waist of time pls don't install this and save time.
Rubbish
Waste of time!!
After taking all the information they will directly ask you to purchase a plan. Shouldn't you mention this in the start itself if the app is completely paid? Moreover, how do you expect me to pay without even showing me what you have to offer.
False advertisement
Doesn't help if your over 330lbs
Why on earth do we have to pay for this? All it is, is a step counter with a walking plan. Google fit, and map my walk (which are free) do that. Basically this is a stupid app that costs money.
Not as described
Very bad app 👎👎👎👎👎. And they charge so many money, not free to use.
As soon as it loads, it expects you to pay. I don't pay for something until I know it's working for me.
You have to pay to use, just fyi.
You have to purchase a plan to use the app.
Useless unless you are attached to your phone all day. Just runs the battery down on your phone. I want my money back. Total ripoff!
A con they make you pay at the end
Poor guidance ,dot waste your time on this app
Opted for 7 day free trial, cancelled the same day as I did not like the app got charged for a full month, SCAM do not download if I could give 0 stars I would
The ad on Insta is totally misleading....what did i pay for exactly?? This is a total scam...how do i get my money back?
I installed the app hoping to be given a guide to how long I should walk and how often to reach my goal. What I go was another app that asks you questions and then says, " pay me to get any addition information." I understand that companies have to make money, but come on. I would recommend putting that this is a pay for app not a in app purchases.
Worst app.
Hate it
Pay for what?
Paid app
If you don't want to spend money then don't bother with this app. After the initial questions about your weight, height and goals it asks you to subscribe before it will even continue or give you your plan. No free option given. Total waste of time.
They will make you to fill up all details and ask you to pay to view it. It's only paid app.
Why should you pay for such a app you can target your own goals
Cant access ANY tips/information without paid subscription.
what are you charging for?
This app is such a waste of time and money... I saw an ad that was very misleading, it doesn't give anything other than a step counter... it was a pure waste
Said free but charge
Signed up for FREE trial and was charged for a month....
its a no
Zero really
You can't use the app without paying 55 dollars
There is absolutely nothing you can do in this app for free. Why should I upfront pay for something I don't even know what it is for which am paying money, very abrupt concept
They should let you know before answering all the questions that you will need to ssubscribe before getting any results. I did not want to go anywhere further, but it wouldn't let me get if that "continue" page. I got the back button, on my phone, but it kept me on the "continue" page. I ended up going to my home screen & then going back to my app Library & uninstalling.
Click bait. Not useful in any way. And ridiculously expensive.
Its a paid app
This app is not free what so ever you have to pay to continue. Doesn't even deserve 1 star. I completed the setup and then it says I have to pay to get unlimited access so I left the app straight away there's no way I am paying anything. As i always say if you're going to make someone pay to use the app don't put it under the free category in the first place. 👎🤨
You have to subscribe to use it by paying money, if I wanted to spend money getting fit, I'd get a gym membership
It is about $25-$30 in order to use the app longer than a week and won't let you have any sort of free trial. It should charge you in the app store if it is goin to charge you to use the app.
Paid app
Don't like the app at all, you can't let this run all day so it is useless. Wish I had read the reviews first.
No free trial
I purchased the week plan, money deducted, and it shows, you have no subscription plan.
Good I found a way to try out trial without paying money. Guys, save money and use Google Fit or any app you use with your smart watch (if you own any). It doesn't have any unique feature worth the cash. It's a simple step counter which is also very inacurate. I was walking a route I know is 6 km back and 6 km forth (so 12 km in total). I was already coming back and it showed I walked 3 km in 90 min. That's ridiculous. Seriously, not worth even a penny.
No free, should have stated that in the beginning or offer free trial for 3 days before asking for any card card details. Waste of time app though could have potential if implemented free trial.
This app is so basic it should be free. Have requested jow to get a refund for an annual subscription by emailing support. Have a feeling its not going to happen. It would seem like this is a bit of a con. Hopefully I can update this review accordingly.
Waste of money doesn't count steps accurately or give much info after your walk. Stupidly I paid the year subscription and have no idea how to get it back. Will just have to delete it and learn from it.
Misleading
Just a money grab. Waste of time.
Had to fill out a survey only to discover there was a fee at the end, pretty rubbish experience considering their are much cheaper dynamic and more honest options out there.... if I could I would create thousands of accounts to ensure this app got downvoted into the gutter where it belongs.
Scam
I didn't realise i have to pay for a subscription in order to use it until after answering a few questions. I'm uninstalling the app cause i am unable to suss out the app's potential use for me
Only option is to buy in... You can't try anything for free even as a trial run. You go through the time to input all your info just to learn that you either have to pay, or stop using the app.
I couldn't move ahead with the app because it just has you fill in all your info and then choose a plan. You HAVE to pay for every plan. Why not just charge for the app???? Waste. Already uninstalled it. I'm annoyed
Con to get money
Won't even register steps. Wish I could get a refund doubt it tho
Not free. And not worth it.
Enter all your info to find a generic graph and then payment plan. Nothing free on here, so should just show upfront cost at point of download.
must purchase...don't give ur info
Don't download! It's just a step counter. You have to have your phone with you at all times. You can not sync with any wareables. And they have not emailed me back about wanting a refund.
Dont get this app, there is no free trial. I cancelled straight after downloading this app as it is not what the pictures show. To say im unhappy is an understatement!
Absolutely worthless app. Made me enter all the details then forcing me to get a subscription. Without that neither can I move back nor proceed. You know something, if someone wants to spend money on fitness he will join a gym or a yoga center and not on a stupid app like yours unless you give them at least something. Shove your app up your ****.
Completely useless unless you want to spend a minimum of £28.99
It’s just a garbage.
Should be free
Really? You wanna charge asap. That's ridiculous
Put the prices in the play store info, not worth the money when there are free trackers and step counters.
Very bad app
Scam, wasted my time, hight rating by bots
Worst app There is no problem in paying but the payment option comes after filling all the informatiom which is a waste of time for someone who is not willing to pay*
Not useful....
Its not free
This is a waste and I got stuck with an annual subscription...sigh...
Dont download its charging money. They'll first ask your data regarding health and then they'll lead you to the payment section and there is no option to get back.
App is advertised as free walking program, and after all info is filled in, then you hit the paywall to review. Sneaky.
Useless, tells you you have taken steps when you haven't moved, I had my phone sat on my desk when I came back I had taken 76 steps! Just rubbish, will NOT recommend, only had it for 3 days. Not worth the effort or money. I have had to rate one star as it wouldn't let me post this with no stars!!
Can't access app to browse before purchasing
No free trial to see if it works.
Misleading. I think it's a bit of a con to have the app free on the market, and then ask for money before giving out answers.
Not a free app. Let's you insert data but then wants to charge you to show results of how far you should walk a day Not as advertised so uninstalled
Expensive app.
Waste of time
Have to pay before you even get to check it out.. will be uninstalling it..
I would really like my subscription to be returned. The app is misleading, so called screenshots that are used to advertise the app are not in the app at all, its very basic, no help information at all. No diet info, no recommendations. Its just a basic step counter. Very expensive for what I already have in my fit bit!  Very misleading  Very disappointing  Don't waste your money people
App says it is free but you cannot use the app unless you provide card information for a subscription. Total bait and swtich.
You have to pay to use the app, no thanks!!
No option for even 1 week trial, why would I buy something I know nothing about.
It's a paid app
Thought it was free uninstalled ask for money before it would tell me anything, I was curious, but not that curious don't download unless you are happy to pay.
If i could give no stars, i would. Not at all how it was advertised in the pictures. It said the wrong date on today and I always have my phone on me, it didn't count my steps accurately. I want a refund. I've had it less than 12 hours.
Expensive
Suddenly want to ask me to throw money. No trial even for 1 week.
There is no personalized plan setup after putting in your info this is just a glorified step counter would definitely not reccomend what an absolute waste of money.
Hou have to play
I'm just curious about this app. Asking BMI and then go straight to the payment page.? No one will gonna pay for the app that they didn't even had a chance to try it. Maybe you should try that next time because there's a tons of application here that offer free trial and they still manage to improve their system. And FYI smart phone nowadays can track your daily steps and it's accurate. I really hope that this can help to improve your system. Thanks and good luck!
Can't test drive the app. You enter all your details, are told your walking plan is ready, but can't see anything the app provides without subscribing. I would like to at least see some of the functionality of the app before I am asked to pay.
Each time it has deducted money from credit card but not successing the registration &further it demands duffrent cards.It s frudendt app
We can't do free trial
Stupid don't bother
Makes you give your data then forces you to pay for the actual plan, useless
GREEDY! You cant even log in without paying so get out your credit cards its another greedy money grubbing site, they dont eve. Let you see what the app is about without demanding you sign up on a payment plan, I DESPISE sites that do this, Just plain shame on them!!! BEWARE ALL THEY WANT IS YOUR MONEY! No trial or tour, you get nothing without paying.
Sneaky sneaky👎👿👿👿
No directions, I couldn't find where the screens pictured are located. It doesn't connect to my smartwatch and I am not going to carry my phone around all day. I subscribed and canceled before my first workout. Very disappointing
app is not free. you have to put in your details before it tells you it costs. immediately uninstalled
mislead
Makes you put in your weight, age, goal weight etc, then asks you to pay before you can see anything, unclear selling point, waste of a download
They make you get a subscription before you know what the app does, which is ridiculous. Even more ridiculous is the claim their ads give saying they personalize your walking goal. They don't, you select it on your own. Just use a pedometer and walk 10,000 steps, as it's no different. Never, ever, pay for this and if you did please get a refund (like I did).
Was asked to pay first which I did, but it didn't go any further, it just kept telling me I had subscribed and that's all. I don't like writing bad reviews, but this one is just not fair. Hope you guys fix it for the next person downloading this app.
App do not count my daily steps from day 2 ☹️
The app claims to be free but after entering your details itll go no further unless you pay for a subscription.
Click bait app... Wasted my time and took my data
Waste app...works only if you pay...
Asks all your information then you have to pay to see it, should not be in app purchases, should be an app you purchase on the off. Don't waste your time
There is nothing premium about this app. I thought it would be better than Fitbit but I was wrong. Too bad I can't get a refund.
How they expect us to pay without free trial? They must inform prior to collect data that this app is not free.one need to buy subscription to get even one recommdndation. Uuinstalling.
Trying to Bill you stay away like this apps. There is lots of other apps free
I absolutely and steadfastly refuse to pay for an app i can't even see or use before i subscribe, this is tantamount to robbery and extortion, the only reason i downloaded it in the 1st place was because it was supposed to be used with a smart watch i have just purchased, having answered all the questions and then being presented with a subscription page and not even getting to see what the app looks like or what it can offer me? Hell no!!! I am NOT, going to pay for something i can't even see!!
Expensive App.
Trying to stop my subscription. Due to lack of funds (corona outbreak, no job). Somehow there is no where to do this. Google play doesn't show I have one yet money was taken from my bank
I was never able to use the app! I couldn't confirm it. The app would take me to the page to subscribe then tell me I'm already subscribed or try to subscribe me for a higher price. I really wanted to try this. I've apparently lost my money because I was only able to cancel the subscription even though I wasn't ever able to confirm the subscription and use the program. Since I still have access to the app for the next year, I'd like to use this. Please tell me how to confirm my subscription.
This app took the money went i delete and i have it only for one day thats not good they dont want to give the money back
Go through everything and at the end want you to pay how about you stop saying its free when its not will be reporting
Waste of money. Want a refund doesn't track all steps. For anyone considering this my suggestion DON'T. It's a money grabbing scam
At least let me try it before asking for $$$$$$
Worst. How do I cancel my subscription and get my money back. It doesn't sync with watch. Did not measure my BMI or gave any recommendations. Total bluff. How do I get my funds back.
Its a con and they just want your money
Costly
Rip off
This app is just to loot people. Uninstalled it with in 2 minutes.
Not worth it!
Yet another app after your money, don't bother
I'd give no stars if possible. It says In App Purchases but doesnt tell you you have to pay to actually see your results. Dumb app, waste of time
terrible app. dont download
Awful. Requires payment immediately. Stay away
Save you time and don't even download
This app is a joke not helpful at all I can not even calculate calories. This app does not work as described. This app also does not calculate steps accurately. My Google fit does more than this app does.
Sorry. I don't do subscriptions. If it worked, why would I need one?
Deleted the second it mentioned payment!
I didn't get past subscribing, after filling out the questionnaire it said I could lose 50lbs in 4 weeks. That is not healthy or achievable. I did not continue with the app.
Completely useless if not willing to subscribe
Don't bother! You can download it all for free but as soon as you get to the final stages of putting in your dream body you have to pay
It's so bad that it doesn't even deserve a comment
Why charge its ridiculous
It's not free and doesn't do what the add I downloaded it from says it does.
I need a refund day five and it stopped counting my steps
pay or get nothing. suck it.
Idiotic app..who made this😑
I want my money back. This app does not meet my expectations. I am unable to access all of the features of the app.
I wish, I could give not even a single star. The worst app i have seen.
This is a paid app/service disguised. There is nothing you can do without purchasing the service. I answered all the question they did to end in the payment screen.
Downloaded for free but have to pay for start anything
You enter all your data, gender (they have non- binary which is great), weight, goal, blablabla, but you can't even see the "walking plan" without having to pay. I can really not recommend this app
I thought it was a free app very surprised its not should have a free trial to see if it works.
Terrible.... They are charging money more than a gym charge per month ....
useless
Terrible app. Counts steps, computer voice says walk, don't walk...$20 for nothing. Don't waste your money. No refunds if you don't like it.
Would be nice if it told you before you downloaded that it wasn't free. Uninstalled immediately.
Buy in
Not what advertised and they charge you for counting steps which you can get for free on most phones
Almost got scammed. Do NOT download. And if you are curious, be careful to read everything before you press another "continue" button
Poor experience
Terrible terrible terrible app
Advertised as free, it's definitely not free, but you don't learn that until you download and begin the process. Dumb and false advertising
No access to anything useful - you must pay beforehand to even see what the app is really about. Disappointed...
Nothing different
I downloaded this app and subscribed to it, My credit was already charged $29.99 for the year. When I installed the app, I was asked a series of questions like height, weight, etc. It went through all the questions until the subscription plan page and then it kicks me out of the app. What gives? I would like to have a refund since it didn't work for me.
Should just charge to download the app or request purchase at the beginning. It's deliberately misleading to make people go through steps/questions and ask for payment afterwards. That's why you have such a bad rating. **That is not a response to my complaint. You are still deliberately misleading users.
Pathetic! Took all my info and then asked for money
Makes you enter all information before telling you you must pay in order to access anything
You waste your time answering questions. Finally, a special plan is created for you, but you cannot view it without subscribing. If the program was worth, a trial period would have been put in place to view your program and try it in order to judge whether or not it is worth buying تضيع وقتك في الإجابة على الأسئلة. وفي النهاية يتم وضع مخطط خاص لك ولكن لا تستطيع الاطلاع عليه بدون اشتراك. لو كان البرنامج يستحق لتم وضع فترة تجريبة للاطلاع على برنامجك وتجربته لكي تحكم هل يستحق الشراء او لا
No help at all
After you try the week trial you can't cancel cause you can't get through to stop payment so you get charged its too expensive for what it does. I'm still trying to get through and still can't.
Pretty self explanitory. Was i wrong. This app is a glorified step counter. App ad was misleading. Nothing changed after using for a week. No new ways to walk, just regular steps to lose calories. No results on my body at all.
Zero stars. Never said it wasnt free. Not going go pay for a program. There isnt even a basic plan. Avoid and Dont download.
Not paying for it
Payment options only don't download this app
They ask for personal information then want to charge $54. Poor way to gain business. I immediately deleted.
Its a trap...dont fall for it!!!
Worst app ever. All copied content from other fitness Apps.
Misleading. Says 7 day trial then billing but billed right away. App is lame and have to carry phone everywhere to get steps. Doesn't connect to any devices. Don't waste your money with this misleading app.
They make you do the whole test and then they force you to pay. All apps have some kind of trial or test before offering membership. Not recommended.
Hahhahaha after getting all inputs they want me to pay
Do not install ... appearance of app is't related to workout Waste of time and money
Waste of Money...Very bad not at all user friendly and noe able to provide information...
Says it's free until you get to the workout part ask for you credit card info and cant bypass
Why con people into thinking it is free! IM downloads but 2.8 rating. Enough said.
Hi I subscribed and paid for the year but I deleted my personal details on the app as I had inputted something wrong. Now after putting in the correct info, it is asking me to pay again. I don't want to pay twice. So what do I do now?
No actual goals set other than the one you pick.
Miles are not accurate at all!! Fitbit also does not sync up with the app.
This app was not beneficial. I was under the impression that there was a trial before being charged for the subscription, but they charge you anyway.
Cost to see anything.
Stupid add to try and get money.
Worst ever at this price point. it's free on Google fit.
Waste app
Without payment we cant access anything
How can i connect this to my Samsung galaxy watch active 2?
To actually use the app, you have to pay... so... not really free.
It's not free
Purely misleading. I downloaded it after I saw an ad on Instagram but what it actually does is makes you fill all your details to the last step only to be asked to make a payment for customized plan.
💩💩 app..
Worst. Dont download
It says free and actually you need to pay to use it. Awful experience!
The app is free to inatall, but the app is just a basic questionnaire regarding your fitness goals. The actual substance of the plan costs $30. The app should tell you that up front, and give more information about your customized plan before asking for money. This app basically asks you to pay for something without seeing it or getting to sample it first. It doesn't even show examples. It asks your height and weight and target goal, then asks you for money. Don't bother installing it.
Horrible app. False promises. You cannot lose 80lbs in 4 weeks. Unless you are doing it extremely unhealthy and with drugs.
Do not like that it doesn't say purchase nessary.
Saw a link on Facebook. I filled out all of this information to have it ask for money. No free option? Uninstall!
You put in all of your info and then can't use the app without paying for a membership. I understand the creators need to make money, but why not make the app itself cost money instead of getting people to download it for free and then have to pay a membership fee to use it.
Gets your information then wants paod subscription. Just make it a pay app... there's nothing free about it
I wish i could rate this minus five stars
Subscription suck in. BEWARE!
Not useful
You get tgru the whole setup then it asks for payment. Deleting
Used it one day. Steps don't calibrate correctly. Can't change to match other devices. Asked for a refund.
This is just a pedometer with daily goals. Don't waste your money. Go download a free app without a yearly subscription
Weight range not does not meet Big and Tall category.
Disappointed
Not an app to advise how many syeos needed to lose weight - just a $50+/year pedometer.
Couldn't get into app without there need to subscribe for $$ .. delete!
SCAM! It doesn't do anything that was promised in the ads. Don't buy it!
Would give it ZERO stars if possible. Ripoff! And Mobilius will give the same inane automated unthinking "not really give a damn" response to me as it gave to all the others. Very misleading ad in Facebook. I will not carry my phone everywhere and it does not sync to any wearable walking device (ie: Fitbit, Apple, Garmin, etc). Do Not Waste your money on this subscription like we all did!! I doubt I'll get my money back. Useless!!
Rubbish.. All they want is money.. Racists buggers 🖕
Scam. You can't view any of your data from the "Challenges". The support team is not helpful. It advertisers itself as something that will give you a plan to walk off the weight but it does not such thing. Do yourself a favor and set personal goals and work to accomplish it without spending any money on this app.
To expensive, walking is free. Get a fit band and increase your steps gradually every day.
Doesn't let you do anything apart from enter your details, then you gotta pay!
I hate when apps make you spend five mins you'll never get back just to find out they have nothing for you unless you pay.
You have to pay without even trying it out. No bueno!
Scam! Does NOT provide a walking plan based on BMI as their ad states. Requires subscription payment before you can even access the info only to learn there is NO guidance based on ones BMI!!
Horrible
Makes out its free then after you put all the details in goes to pay now.
Amir adami dikha nahi ki bheek mangna chalu 😡😡😡
If there was lower than 1 i would have given that rating
I tried to cancel before the 7 day trial finished and the option for that is nowhere to be found. I contacted Google pay and so far there's no reply.
I weigh 333 lbs and it stops at 300lbs. App not for me. Will deleting it
I didn't even subscribe and I've had money taken from my account, now raising a case and have cancelled the so called subscription i have paid for!
This is the biggest scam ever! Just purchased the year subscription today (seemed like the best deal) but after seeing what it offered tried to unsubscribe and it still charged me for the year! There should be a trial period for this app... ridiculous!!!
I havent even use it and it charging sll ready have out if it doesnt work not recommended
Unusable without paying
Isnt free
I don't like this app 👎
misleading
Fees...all hidden.
Tricks you with a sign up, no free trial
Paid site. Don't waste your time.
Can't access anything for free?! Disappointing.
Not cool
Expensive. Too much for something that just tells you to walk. Not paying.
You go through all the questions to tailor make a plan and.... Nothing Not worth downloading it
Scam
Advertisement in app form
This is paid app
Asking money without trial
365nok/year surprise after gathering info
So the app is free to download, but in order to use it you need a paid subscription? This is a scam and a waste of the user's time.
No indication that this is a subscription until they have most of your information.
cant even get it to download. been trying for a while now
Ele apareceu como um app gratuito, depois de perder tempo configurando, dando todas minhas informações, ele cobra para finalizar
I need something you don't have to pay for.
Subscription required
Did not record steps accurately was disappointed..
You fill in the questionnaire and it creates the walking plan but then it's like sorry you have to pay to actually see this
Waste of time really waste of time
Scam
Why do I need to pay Walking is free Never use this ever
They need to tell you since the beginning that it's not free
Free to download..but pay to use..should not b downloaded...its fake
The program is not what i expected. I expected it to tell me based on the steps the caleries being burned. I also expected the app to take count of the steps while i am walking.
0 stars- If there was an option, I would award it for this app. Very misleading, and basically just a SCAM. Wish I had not paid for the subscription. As soon as o figure out how to UNSUBSCRIBE I will delete this USELESS app! Waist of time and definitely waist of money!
You can't get a walking plan unless you subscribe and pay monthly
Don't want to pay when it should be free.
No help they want money
Not clear at all. I put my height weight etc in . But didnt continue , so my understanding is I wont be charged anything, is this right
after entering your info it makes you pay for a subscription but how do I even know if I'm going to want to get it if we can't even know anything about the program or how it works 🤔 no thank you
scam
Let someone try a demo first and then start charging...how should we know if it works or not
Total waste of time, claimed I could lose 70lbs in 4 weeks.... No free option at all.... Uninstalled
You lure people in, thinking it's free, then have them answer a bunch of questions. After that, you throw in the old scam - oh, by the way, we charge. SAY THAT UP FRONT, BEFORE I ANSWER YOUR DUMB QUESTIONS!!!! QUIT WASTING GOOD PEOPLE'S TIME!!!!
Not happy with this app! I wanted a free trial but I ended up getting charged $24.00 to my phone bill! That's messed up! All I wanted was to try out the app. I wasn't committing to anything especially since I canceled to avoid being and I was still charged! I am pissed off at these money hungry sob's!!!!
Not a good system
Signed up with hope's of it doing what was advertised. A complete waste of money, my step counter on my phone does a better job. After answering all those questions and then paying for a subscription I was disappointed the very next day with the performance of this app. It needs to be taken down by google play. My 1 star was very generous.
This app has potential, but it's very frustrating to use. It doesn't start counting steps for each day automatically. It will display yesterday's total and won't let you change to the current day. You have to go into your app settings and Force Stop WalkFit in order for it to recognise it's a new day. If this was free, I'd give it 3 stars, but I have much higher expectations from a sevice I have to actually pay for.
Complete con job, makes you go through 5 minutes of entering information before it tells you you have to pay to get anything from it. Complete scam artists
To expensive
Before you make me go thru all the questions, let me know first that it will cost.
There is nothing free in the application В приложении нет ничего бесплатного
Put in details and then asked me to select which package I would like purchase without displaying prices. Feels like a con no trial, as I doubt anyone would pay for this service... I'm guessing it'll tell you to walk 10k steps a day which is what you tell it in the begining. Save your money buy a Garmin watch like a fenix or even a cheaper garmin variant like forerunner and track your walking. The reviews are fairly unanimous 1star theres not even a single 5*... not one satisfied customer lol
What a con! Its only Free to download the app, you enter all your details, then it wants you to pay £$€ to see your plan😠 No thanks!!
Useless app, false advertisement, possibly greedy people attempting to scam money out of people trying to get healthier. Do apps even go through any preliminary checks in the Google Play Store?
shouldnt have to cost moneyvto help loose weight
Was interested. But only goes up to 330 pounds I weigh more than that.
No free trial. You fill in info then they ask to subscribe. For what that's the unknown.. Sorry no trial. No money from me...
It's a trick to make you pay. Not a single feature is free.
Very unimpressed. Waste of money. No support when I tried to contact them.
Worst app ever
U have to pay after u share all ur personal info... Scam
Very bad app nothing is free
Doesn't have many options nor does it seem very accurate. The pictures with the app description are not what are in my app. Dont waste your money!
Worst app
I am a developer, and developers must be paid. Period. But this app is super shady. First of all, it prospects a weekly payment but you will get charged for "the number of weeks in one year, please, make your calculations". Shady. Then why not showing me the price per day? Divided by 365 it will look even cheaper, right? Finally in the terms and conditions is stated the you'll be charged "after a trial period". Too bad there is no mention how long this trial will last. Instantly uninstalled.
No option whatsoever anywhere to cancel when you're pushed to the stage where you should continue towards your discounted packages. There's only a continue option which I refuse to click on and then I get summoned for something I didn't use or have the option to cancel instead of continue. CANCEL this App please, I'm unemployed and don't have any money to pay for this App. Thanks.
Pathetic.
It doesn't accurately keep track of steps. At all. Last straw was today when both my FitBit and Google health counted 12,200 steps and this only says 3,849... So good bye..
Hello i want my money refunded. I cant use this app on my phone. It doesnt say anywhere in the desciption i would pay $33 and its draining my phone. I really dont want this program because of the technical issues its causing my phone to have. I havent been able to open any of the programs. No thanks...refund please!
Doesnt work properly
Wayyy too expensive
why pay when free available
Freezes
Not free!
Misleading! It's paid service
Don't download
They make you answer a bunch of questions and then they force you to sign up for a year if you want to see the plan.
Deceitful from the get go! Be honest up front but because you misled people from the start they've walked away as I just did. Not worth it don't waste the download.
It showcases it like a free app but after entering details, it asks for the payment. Don't waste your time giving inputs
You almost had me!! Not paying when there's literally hundreds of free apps that do the same thing 🤣
It made me made an account, fill all the details then asked for purchases. Wasted time.
After entering all my data it expects you to pay 15 for the month. If I wanted to pay id hire a personal trainer. Good concept though I'll do my my calculations to figure out how many steps I need to reach my goal for that price. Thanks anyway
They should really say that this is a paid program
Have to pay to see plan. What's the point in inputing data to find out you need to pay to see the plan, no trial? Secondly whats the point in asking me my step goal, surely the things I'm telling you should be what works that out. Like; I don't know....in the ad!
Won't even let you try the plan without paying. You fill your information out, and it says it has a plan but then it won't let you continue without subscribing. I wouldn't mind subscribing later on in the future if I would get a free week trial.
Every time I entered my info in, it stopped working. I did it like 4 times.
Being charged for a week, even if was still on trial. Who should I contact for a refund
Does not say it charges no preview before purchasing
SCAM. I cancelled my subscription and my account was charged. I requested a refund and did know get one.
While installing the app it makes u think its a free app.. And then once u open it, seems thorough abt asking ur goals etc. But then comes the twist. It gives u absolutely no information without paying. Its a misleading app. If u want to get a paid plan maybe u can try it. Dont know how good they are though... I think they should atleast give a 3 day trial to help us know if they are good or just trying to make money. I wouldnt pay for something i have no idea about..
Glad I read reviews before purchasing. Sorry to all those that lost their money I appreciate the heads up.
They make believe its an app with no fee when you download it, but you have to pay for a plan within the app. Theres also no way for you can lose 76lbs in four weeks.
tried it. after asking for my body details, wanted to bill me. uninstalled Immediately.
Worst experience
No testing sample, need to buy before testing its accuracy. Install but nevee used since cannot access even a sample plan without paying a membership.
Enter all your info then must buy
Inappropriate app
Useless if you don't pay.
Bad Experience
Waste of time. Didn't let me test it out before asking for payment and I was the fool. I wasted time and money. I hardly ever post reviews...please dont use this app.
No trial to even see the app itself, no thanks.
Becareful of this app these people hack your account as if you payed for a year of premium when you didnt going to bring a law suit against your ass
Too Expensive NO ACCESS W/O PURCHASE TO MBRSHP.
Nope, don't waste your time
Why provide a free app when you charge for results to a fitness goal?
I definitely would not recommend this app to anyone. You pretty much have to keep your phone on you for it to track your progress. LAME!! ITS better to by a fitbit. This was a waste of time and money!!! This must be a scam!! Everybody is basically saying the same thing and their is no customer satisfaction. What a RIP OFF!!
Paid app.
literally doesn't do anything new. can do the same stuff on the Fitbit app
I saw an ad for this wanted to try it out one, you have to pay. Two some of us don't need to lose weight like myself I just want to be healthier and a bit more tone it wouldn't let me pick anything below what I already weight which is 100lbs. I uninstalled right away.
at least tell us before downloading that we have to pay to have access to anything...
Make this app as a paid app, remove it from free. Can't use without choosing a plan and making payment. Ridiculous..
A con, you put all your details in but it charges you before telling you anything useful.
This app not for me, I am using treadmill and smart watch, I would like to request a refund?
Hh
Didnt want to pay right out of the gate. If it offered a trial then I might be on board.
Asks you questions to make it seem like it offers a personalized plan but then ignores all the data you put in.
PLEASE READ REVIEWS BEFORE YOU GET YOUR HARD EARNED MONEY STOLEN BY TBESE PEOPLE Canceled before my 7 free days were up and my card was still charged OVER FIFTY DOLLARS!!!
I only wanted to trial this app but have been charged for it. Stay clear as it appears this is a recurring issue based on other users.
There are free apps that will do the same thing. Don't pay
Can't use it without setting up a subscription and it tries to convert into an expensive 32 a year. Use one of many free apps, walk 8-10k a day and limit calories instead
Pfff though it was free
How do I cancel this app. I haven't opened it but reading reviews I don't want to.
Don't say the app is free and then have charges to use the programs
False advertising. States you will see how many steps you should take to lose weight. It only takes your current weight and goal weight and then states you must pay to see anything else. Didnt even give you a chance to explore.
Immediately pay for something. Don't really know what is being purchased. Worthless.
This is absolutely rubbish - it doesn't work and only logs random days performance - technical support is hopeless and basically just tells you to uninstall and reinstall. Do not part with your money for this
i have opted for 19rs a week pack. but 1000 got deducted
booooo
Terrible
It is not like what the ad shows.
Can't do anything without providing payment information.
Not even a free trial. Simple scam...buy it or leave it!!! Won't ever buy some app I haven't tried. If you are confident about your app then why not let people try it for even a week. Rejected.
Not a good app at all. Very basic and not worth £20 subscription. Would like a refund
You go through the process to find out you need to purchase to get your plan. Not impressed
O stars
Payment app
Why it wasnt said in the beginning that its a paid app and made us fed all the data.
Not worth the money. The app didn't count all steps taken and it froze. After several attempts to fix it I uninstalled it. Will be requesting a refund.
Terrible app, don't waste your time. It's very expensive considering how rubbish it is.
Sucks. Doesn't work at all.
A free app that costs money.😡
Its a start to a could be useful app. I agree with other users. At least count all your steps like Samsung Health or Fitbit. I liked the coach and different paces but if that's all I get its really not worth the money.
Don't waist your t ime
The app is not reflective of how it was advertised. It does not use BMI to recommend walking suggestion.
Add some upi payment options
Other reviews were correct. Can't do anything without paying. No trial. Also the questions were strange in the survey.
Bad
Only paid option
Very poor app nowhere dose it say you need to pay till after you have put all your details in and then asks you to pay completely not what is advertised as in app store or there fb page
Don't install it they will create for you your 4 weeks walk program than you should pay to see it
Great concept, disappointing functionality. Doesn't sync with step counting devices, relies on phone being on your person at all times. Workouts are lame, and don't change much by category. Very dissatisfied and, unfortunately, no refunds.
Doesnt even go to my weight so im not going to pay for it
Have to pay to use it. Not gonna happen.
Worst experience
Does not let you do anything without paying upfront!
Step count was way off, total waste of money, wish I could get a refund!!
I used the app for 3 days. There are not enough user controls and you cannot change or edit anything. I have cancelled my annual subscription within 14 days, so will see if I get a refund
Can't use unless paid to use app
Cancer
They say free but it is not
Worst don't buy No trail period. Money making app .useless
Waste
If I could give it a Negative star I would. You could at least offer a free trial for 30 days so we can see how we like the app. You probably get paid by the downloads because ain't nobody willing to pay for something before they know how it works. You're a FRAUD
App is terrible and doesn't track your steps or communicate with Fitbit, iPhone or Samsung. Once you hit your mile, it doesn't continue your steps (unless you notice, and you receive notifications you haven't hit your goals). I'd like to figure out how to get a refund! If I could give 0 stars, I would.
That's just wrong
Not worth it
Might be free to install but you have to pay to actually use the app for what it was designed for
I feel scammed. I did the free trial and I decided it wasn't for me...I was charged for a whole year's subscription!!! I tried to request a refund MULTIPLE times and literally, nothing happened! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY!!
If you're going to charge people you should say it from the get go. I don't like click and bait.
Ridiculous to say it is free. All you do is pit in your details and then before it shows you anything useful at all it asks for payment without which you cannot proceed any further. One star award given as not able to give no stars.
Terrible . Downloaded it to find that it was a subscription and I don't know how to cancel it. Not giod
To download the app is free but it should have free trial. Now i have to pay for yearly subscription and cannot cancel it cause it has been charged to me. My question now, can this apps link with my google fit? How to do walk and carry phone. Im so regret now.
You have to pay to use this app 🖕🖕
The app makes it seem as if its free when in reality you have to pay for it. Which I think should be said before. I also think it's crazy for you to use an app the work effectively for someone you have to pay for it. I shouldn't have to pay to be healthy.
No free trial!
No need for this app for useless paid services one can get for free
Nothing is free. Uninstall.
This app advertises as free with in-app purchase. That is a lie. It will take you through all the intro, enter all your information, but you cannot get any feedback or get any further access to the app with subscribing.
Waste of time and data
Costs money
Worst app
It suckers you in and then tells you you have to purchase the app. Sucks!
Not a free app, needs money. No trial too.
Very limited. You can't go through the app until you sign up and pay. Not what I was looking for.
How is this even an app?
You need a free trial period. Unfortunately I'm unable to try this app as I'm locked out due to a pay wall without the option of a trial. How do people know its worth there money if they can't see what they are paying for. I understand you need people to pay but without knowing what you actually offer alot of people will just uninstall. If your all is worth people's time and money you should show them the benefits of the all with a free trail its only has to be 7days with an example of future
U have to buy
Misleading
Very preachy. How have you made a plan for looing 35 kgs within a month.
I can't figure out the app or what to do it's not explaining
I didn't purchase the app because as soon as I saw I could reach my goal weight in 4 weeks (obviously unrealistic) and it asked for payment before it even gave me a plan, I knew it was a SCAM!!! This app should be deleted! Its false!
Free to download but after entering your data you have to pay to further use the program.
Please DO NOT purchase this app. Learn from my mistake. I purchased the app as the IG promo of a '7 day free trial' seemed appealing. The app did not work properly, did not track steps correctly, and, after using it for the first time (less than 24 hours after purchase), I cancelled the subscription. I have since been denied refunds by both Google and the app developer. I have given 1 star as the customer support associate who corresponded with me was professional and timely. Run from this App!
There is NO free trial perio! Am not saying the app should be completely free, but, how do I know if it works and if it really is what I want if there isn't a trial period? Am sorry, I don't just pay money for a product I know nothing about its reliability 🙃 have a great day
Money Grab Cheap app that makes you pay money before you can do anything
Very bad, it doesn't connect to any device, nor my Fitbit not even my phone. I don't see the PLAN at all...want my money back
Free app, but you have to pay to use it. Dont bother, its not worth wasting your time on
Ridiculous price. Not worth it. Should be 0 stars
Trash
I down loaded this app it has took 28.98 from my account i would like it refunded back as i uninstalled the app but as my phone has my details it took the money i have contacted the bank and they will start an investigation if my money is not returned
Worst app... Gathers all data first and when it comes to showing plan.. it asks for money... Cheap data looting app
Should have read previous reviews. Saw the ad on Facebook and thought I would give it a try. Nope can't even finish with "intro" before it wants your money. Boooo! Uninstalling ASAP!
Can't actually see your personalised plan unless you sign up at 28.99 a month!
Poor app
This is a very expensive pedometer nothing more.
Couldn't even see the app suggestions without paying money. Needs to offer a free trial
No way to see what the app does unless you cough up credit card info. Not interested... no idea why people think it's ok to treat potential customers this way... don't like that they expect us to cough up money without seeing the app at all
Uninstalling!! Didn't know had to pay before seeing any plan information.
As soon as it have me a 3rd choice for gender I uninstalled the app... There are only 2 genders!
I have aldy subscribe it n it keep asking me to fill up all my particular again n again.. pls kindly help to solve my issue if not pls refund me back my money
It was very stupid
It's not what I expected! I will like a refund!
What an absolute con and a way to take advantage of the vulnerable in lockdown. I filled out all my details and then it wouldn't show me my walking plan unless I signed up for a paid subscription, I AM UNINSTALLING THIS APP IMMEDIATELY AND I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE ELSE.
Can't evaluate because it asks for payment right at the start of the app.
Not useful or resourceful, one can find more rewarding service providing apps, articles out there, don't waste money subscribing to this mere worthless app.
Lots of glitz for what is obviously a formula based system. It even has a spinning wheel to give the impression that it's doing some magic! You cant even view a sample of its plan to see if the app produces anything meaningful. Not far short of a scam!
You should move the app at paid app not as free,when you ask (after have completed the formular) to pay monthly or 1 year...
Crappy paid program
You have to pay for any recomeneations
Properly and inaccurate
Useless app and a time waster.
You get hit with having to pay before you can use. Pass.
There is nothing free about this ap!! I couldn't get past setting it up before it wanting a credit card. No thanks! I CAN walk for free!
It's a pay only app
You could have told me up front, before I wasted all that time providing you with all my demographic information that the app is completely unusable without buying a subscription. I support you making an app that only works by subscription, but I don't want a subscription service, and I hate that you wasted my time and got free information from me doing so. Terrible.
I only used this app for a few days. I liked the step counting. I found it to be inaccurate in the amount of time I walked and the distance. I also did not like that measurement was in Kilometers instead of miles. I am going back to Map my Walk and it's free.
Does not explain that u cannot use it without paying for it. So it takes u through all the setup than asks u to pay , and its not cheap either. Very sneaky and wrong
F garbage
Not really free!
It was going well and i was filling out all my info only for it to bring to straight to payment methods
Very disappointing. Makes you fill out all your info then brings you directly to the payment page! Meaning, you don't even get to try the app before they are asking you to pay for it. I reccomend instilling a 2 week free trial. What a waste of time!
Pay to use. No free trial.
After you give them all your info they ask you for $22/mo or $50/year. Sorry I don't fall for a subscription app again.
Pay stupid apps
You must sign up and pay for your plan. Not worth it and is misleading!
Terrible. It's a simple step counter. Don't recommend
You need a free trial. 30 days, even 7 days... something to give a taste of your app before committing to the purchase. There are thousands of apps that promise to help with weight loss, how do I know yours is any different and why would I pay for it blindly? Your ads are intriguing but not enough to follow through with a purchase requirement without a try it out period.
Waste of time
Cost too much
Doesn't connect to my galaxy watch and does nothing more than a pedometer would do. Keep your cash folks!
There should be an option to try atleast a week so that will get to know about the product then if we like it we can subscribe otherwise simply spending the money on the product whether we like it or not
Only option is to purchase a subscription. This is told to you after going through the whole questionnaire
Hahaha... Weird app... Didn’t even showed a sample plan.... Wasted my time... Uninstalling...
Dont download!its free to download the app but u have to pay to use the features!Totally misleading!
Just a money grab, you can find countless BMI walk charts, just use one of them. Moment you setup a plan it asks for a costly subscription. 0 free service I could find was offered. Fail
Click bait
Run away don't walk away.
Pay to use...what a crock!
Not a free app. Doesn't offer anything for free even with ads. Lets you put all your detaild in and then wants payment.
If payment is must we should rather go to gym better than this app .No trial without payment
Without even giving a day trail...they ask directly for subscription...Sorry Team, Not gonna work this way🙏🙏
Another BS training app. How is anyone over 330 lbs not able to enter their information and get a proper setup! You suck at app making! Give up!
Thieves
At least give month free trial.
Uninstalled straight after it asked for payment straight away after putting all info in, no free trial option, theres better apps out there for free!!
Asking for money. No trial.
Scam
Useless app ever ,it doesn't have the option to save your settings and it doesn't allow you to exit ,,waste of data 😣😣😣😏
It should be free
Asking payment before any trial
I guess you can't walk to fitness if you're more than 331 lbs
Cant use unless you pay for it.
You must pay
Should not be a "free" app since you have to subscribe and pay for any one bit of information
Dog turd, expects money for what you can do yourself for nothing. Also get nothing for free at all, it is payment for any info at all i think this is misleading
How on earth you said that this app is free it doesn't even have a free trial
Not worth even the download
Disappointing, you fill in the app then there a catch! .. there pricing for how many months? 🙄 deleted!!
I couldn't get out if it unless I paid. I hope I managed to get out and uninstall before it took my money. Be careful.
No trial, instant subscription without any explanation of how it will help.
It is a paid app. It does not work without subscription. It should have been in paid category of apps
Horrible!
Asks for money
waste of time don't try
We have come to expect try before you buy. This app collects all your details and only then blocks you from proceeding without a subscription. Why not make you pay for the subscription BEFORE making me enter my details. I hate feeling manipulated and forced like that. I am not expecting something for nothing, but be upfront and don't try sneaky tactics.
declares payment required after taking my personal data and wasting time with all questions.
Ridiculous. If it's pay to play, tell us that going into it. Don't waste our time. Honestly, I probably would have been willing to pay $10 to buy the app going into it. Arbitrary limits when you enter your weight were also off putting.
This really should have a free period before you have to pay for subscription. You dont really know what your paying for with just inputting you details. not helpful at all.
Paid for a annual subscription and after a week the app stopped working intermittently. I've had to Uninstall and reinstall numerous times. Finally decided to quit using it and requested a refund. Of course I haven't gotten any help from the developer, after 48 hours Google doesn't issue refunds either. Got screwed. Highly recommend you don't pay up front. Make sure it works first. Update... I did contact the email you mentioned and all they keep telling me is All Sales Final and won't refund
Wish you didn't have to pay
Terrible. So they want me to pay them $20.00 a month so they can tell me to walk more. Stupid.
Does not log step count
Sucks
Only counts steps, can't navigate to learn about app, skipsto the next day, AND CANT GET A REFUND, TRIED WITHIN JUST MINUTES OF ORDERING!🤬DO NOT RECOMMEND!!!
Pay pay and pay again
Pay site not disclosed up front...
They didn't say up front that there was a fee
WHY CAN'Y I RELOAD THIS APP ON MY NEW PHONE WITHOUT PAYING FOR A NEW SUBSCRIPTION. IT STARTS ME ALL OVER AGAIN. I ALREADY PAY TO MUCH FOR THIS STUPID APP NOT TO HAVE ACCESS TO IT!!!!!!
Sort your app out before you ask for cash. Literally just got to my personalised plan and the reductions were higher than the normal cost but the amount PW is less altogether than the total value. I mean if you're going to force people to be subscribers to your app at least get your costs right. Something tells me this isn't a genuine app with science based medicine it's just some guy in his room looking to extort vulnerable people to make money. Poor show man.
Doesn't register any of my steps
How much!!!!! Having a giraffe
Wasnt counting on being charged to walk for free
I must paid for this app?? ... Auto uninstall
Looting app. No use of downloading.
Horrible. Does not explain anything
This app doesn't give you an option of getting out of the subscription page. Really not helpful.
This app want me to pay subscription up front before i try this app. It is ridiculous 👎
Not accurate at all!
Don't waste your time.
This is paid app.
It's trying to charge me and I haven't done anything yet
Don't install this app
Paid $55 for an app with no functionality whatsoever. Very upset.
I'm interested, downloaded and set it up but I'm not about to pay for something I can't try.
After a day of use, very disappointed. Doesn't sync with my fitbit, alot of features advertised are not working, doesnt show in the app. Their support team says "materials might be slightly different from the current app’s functionality". False advertisement? I don't know, just very disappointing. Already canceled my app.
Why charge people who need you advise?
This app is pure evil. It was recommended by a watch that I bought, but it makes you go through all the setup steps to customize your exercise plan, and then, waits until you are all finished to tell you that you have to pay a fee and offers no way to decline or back out of the purchase. The only way I was able to get out of the app, once it stood still waiting for my purchase was to open up the recent menu and kill the entire app. What a waste of time! You have been warned.
They don't tell you upfront that there's a monthly cost.
Expensive subscription based. You can get plans elsewhere for free
Lol this app will make fun of you, it's basically a app made to troll u
Waste app. Please don't install.
Bakwas
Only recorded 65 steps after an hour walk in neighborhood. Froze during my walk, had to hit Finish and start over half way. Then Froze again in cool down and wouldnt go to section 6. Only shows distance in m/km. WHERE ARE ALL THE SETTING? And then I decided to cancel subscriotion to not be charge after 30 day trial and see they already did! Reporting to the BBB!
Nothing on this app advertises that it requires payment for you to use it. I installed it, answered a tonne of questions about myself and then couldn't go any further as it demands a subscription. If the developers require payment to run this app it should be an app you have to purchase to download, not one that essentially advertises itself as free but gives you nothing unless you sign up and pay.
Not free
Ps app,. There is better apps out there and not free to try.
Not even trials, simply asking to buy after wasting several minutes to configure.
Nothing without payment.
I downloaded the app and was immediately charged for a full year. There are no instructions. It appears this is merely a pedometer which measures steps.
The app is completely useless. There are no free features.
This is not a free app. You can't use any feature without paying $15.99/month.
Rip off that you have to pay monthly fees fo these kind of apps that have no promise of results complete waste of money the adds for this App should advise that there is a cost involved but no you have to download to find out that there is a cost this is very misleading to users dont waste your time downloading this app Uninstalling
Very misleading!!!! It's a free to download app that then tries to force you into a paid subscription, AFTER asking you for personal info and creating a "custom" fitness plan 🤨 Don't bother downloading unless you're happy to pay for the subscription.
You have to pay before you find out what the app actually does.
Expensive! Doesn't tell u the cost until you go through the whole set up, no option to pay monthly. Didn't bother subscribing
You need to subscribe
It should charge u monthly not yearly
asky money without giving any advice
Nothing tracks correctly. The walking programs are not voice activated so trying to walk not on a treadmill would involve constantly looking at your phone to know when to change speeds. But speeds dont track correctly so that doesnt even work
App would just shut down while walking. Used it two weeks and had so many problems. Forgot to cancel and kept paying! Save your money!!
Had to pay for it eventually 😒
Wrost app ever
Absolutely terrible. Steps aren't accurate. Calories are way off from everything else I've used. Pricey for literally no reason. There are several free apps out there. Use those instead. Its probably better anyway. This was a timer that I paid over $10 a month for. I would cancel my subscription but I made the mistake of paying for it in advance.
You have to go through lots of questions before your told the price.
No free version at all. Goes straight into questions leading to payment request! This is not clear before installation.
Not free at all
So glad I read the reviews before signing up
Not free
Fully paid, not a single free tip
This is NOT free. It allows you to see nothing without paying. Do not even bother downloading. Coach to 5k gives same result and is free to use.
Absolutely disgraceful, taking people's money with out the app working. Doesn't track steps and when you start daily work out it doesn't store the progress it just wipes it clean. Never got to day two. Only even been on day one. Steer clear of this app.
I don't want to pay for what my Fitbit can do.
There's a reason for the low rating! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY! Doesn't warrant a single star. They offer a customised plan but take A LOT of money for essentially nothing. Anything they do offer can be provided from many other FREE apps and programs with a lot more stars.
I couldn't access the app once I'd subscribed.
What a con. Download to see what it was all about. Went through the process to see what it might offer me....then I get to a part where to continue I need to chose a sign up subscription package. No thanks. Uninstall. No clue what this app involves at all. Don't bother.
You will be automatically billed using this app
It not free
Looked OK so downloaded it but it wouldn't show me anything until I paid for a subscription. Uninstalled straight away as didn't even know if I liked it or what was on offer before it wanted me to pay. Bad business model.
Bogas
Doesnt tell you that you have to pay for it until the very end 👎👎👎
Just don't install this app. Before you can do anything with this app or at least have a trial, you have to pay first. I have cancelled my subscription but there's no refund..
Mileage does not calculate correctly. This product is useless. I was charged $29.99 for an App that doesn't work and not able to get a refund from either the Walkfit developer or Google Playstore. I must now request that my credit card company dispute the charges. The Developer recommended I download another version. I don't have time to pay to Beta test poorly designed Apps. Waste of time and money.
Charged 29.99 but don't even have this app loaded or use it..want my money back
Not for free...
Don't like this app. Wants to charge me to walk! Seriously. I do that anyway, I'll get promoter for that and it's free!!
It asks for your details then it asks you subscribe and pay straight away without even knowing what program will it provide
HORRIBLE APP. DONT CHARGE BEFORE SHOWING WHAT THE APP IS NOT EVEN RESTRICTED TRIAL. WASTE OF TIME PUTTING ALL MY INFO IN AND DOWNLOADING FOR NOTHING
This is not what was advertised. You can not put in your height and weight to tell you how many steps to take to lose weight.
Very disappointed. Putting in your height, weight etc makes you think the app will be good. But no. After stupidly subscribing I open the app to find not a great deal. Very minimal and not what I was expecting. Don't waste your money, definitely not worth it. I think a refund should be in order.
This app made it sound like it gave you a walking workout plan but it is literally telling me to walk for 7 minutes. I really really wish I could get my money back! do not get this app!!! it's stupid!
Absolutely pathetic app. It hangs, it's not letting me put the kgs, height,steps or anything. It made my phone slow.
Absolutely useless waste of money
Pathetic, no trial option and vrry expensive
For starters, I got the app to tell me how much I should be walking a day... And during the setup, it asked ME what my walking goal was? That's what I downloaded the app to find out...YOU tell ME. But, their app doesn't even go up to my weight. Useless. Deleted immediately.
Not free
Such a bad app.
I feel like this is a total bait and switch. It says if you pay for the subscription it'll give you a customized plan... it doesn't. Not only that, but you enter your info and it doesn't even show you what your BMI is, what your current info is, or have a way of updating anything! Total garbage!
Not FREE...
Horrible all around!! Losing 70lbs in 4 weeks is astronomically insane. Not to mention when you get to the "end" of the assessment they actually want you to PAY for this kind of madness!!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It's a subscription.
Not free app...
It doesn't tell you before you install that you will have to pay to use the app so beware
No need to download if you are looking for free plans..
No try and buy - pay now and guess - maybe it works, maybe not
Seriously? Another subscribe? 😫 Not even a free version or trial period! Not paying for something I might not like or might not work for me.
You go through the rig marole of inputting all your stats, encountering and ad at every new page, and set a plan up only to be told that to view that plan you have to pay $14.?? Per month or $28.?? Per year, so no thanks, I spend more than enough money a month already without putting myself in debt for a goddamn walking planner. On top of that the back button doesn't work to back out of the subscription page and there is no other way out than force closing the app. Uninstalled!!
No trial, only Credit card walking.
Free till you put all your details in then you have to pay for the plan what a con. Thanks for that 👎
Shouldn't have to pay for a plan
Wouldn't go up to my weight. I know I'm obese but that's why I wanted the app.
Have to pay to see any possible plans.
Over 2000 steps off from watch does not sync
Only for subscription based not a free one...
They did not make it bleat there would be an immediate charge. Urgh. Delete
No free trial
Tried to charge me for walking
not a review, however wondering how to get this app unlink from my fitbit. I can't use my fitbit except to walk... can't see my clock or any other fitbit measurement s any longer... will uninstalling work
No free trial
Worst app
Horrible
Scam! Wants your money without even doing anything
This is just a sign up for a weight loss plan. No free trial options
DO NOT PURCHASE. I purchased this app AND paid for a 3 month subscription as it would be a great reminder to get up and move while working from home. This app is not accurate. It said I walked 100ish or so steps in over a mile. Google will not give me a refund and the developer wont either. I will be reported this to my BBB for poor service, inaccurate infornation, and for refusal of a refund. Its not my fault the app is junk and doesnt work properly. AGAIN DO NOT BUY, ITS WORTHLESS.
Had to sign up for trial before even getting into the app. Wouldn't even bother installing. Shame as can't go gym so would have been nice to know how many steps I need to take just by walking. Will look for alternative app.
Really not what I expected, doesn't seem any better than some of the free apps I've tried, quite misleading from the images. I can get the same from a Google fit which is free. I'd like my money back.
We shouldnt have to pay 30.00 for a healthier way. No Thanks!
Horrible. I got charged for an account I do jot want!!! Ridiculous. I now have to cancel this account? I thought it was free. I just answered questions and now have an account?
Costly as hell
The app doesn't work.. I've just done a 3 mile walk and it says I've only done 134 steps... It's absolute garbage... Applied for a refund...
You have to pay . No limited free or demo.
YOU HAVE TO PAY SUBSCRIPTION BEFORE YOU CAN ACTUALLY VIEW ANYTHING. You go through the quiz, Itll take me 4 weeks to loose 3 stone. Oh wait but you have to pay till you can see what. And £20 a month. Na I'll work it out myself
I do not want Premium just for some exercise recommendation
Can't even see what the app is and how it works without paying
Dont waste your time, app told me i could lose 70 lbs in 4 weeks then wanted me to pay for it without even going further into the app.
Pretty bad 👎🏻
Rubbish
Wont go any further after the chart goal comes up then says something is wrong when I hit continute
Not free. You get to the end of all the question then it gives price options.You can't go any further. I had to uninstall to get out of the app.
Horrible, looks nothing like what is advertised. Do not waste your time to download or your money to subscribe. I didn't even see any way to sync with my other hardware
This app is pants especially as its a paid for app. It worked OK for a couple of days then nothing, no tracking of steps or anything. To be honest I'd actually rather get my money back and put it towards a new fit it as I can't sync this app with anything. You really don't get anything more with this app than you do for free on a built in app. I think possibly a bit of a rip off.
Literally just a step counter. An overpriced step counter.
Not recommended, more of a money making app., the info it give you, you can get in free online.
Deceiving app
Don't purchase...SCAM!!! Need FULL REFUND..HAVEN'T HAD NOT EVEN 1 HOUR. OVERPRICED PEDOMETER BUT YOU DON'T KNOW THAT AFTER YOU PAY
Do not install, why pay £52 a year when I can get apps for free which do the same.
Tried to get the app and got through to the payment and it didn't work the first time. So I went to do it again and it took the price up. So I went back to try again and surprise surprise the price went up again. I am glad it didn't work and you won't get my money!!
I don't think it's right to have to pay before you can see how the app works. It doesn't count your steps unless you have your phone on you, it doesn't walk you through the walk, you have to look at phone to know when to change your pace and it doesn't connect with my watch for a more accurate count. I have requested a refund after 1 day of use.
Installed this app, and there absolutely nothing you can do for free. Should not be labeled as an app with in app purchases, but instead as a subscription app.
Don't waste your money. Fitbit does it better.. App indicated I could cancel before the end of the trial if it wasn't what I was looking for. There was no trial period. I canceled my order within the hour when I realized my fitbit already was meeting the need. WalkFit app wasn't what I thought it would be. I was still charged for the purchase despite canceling the same day.
Requires subscription even before you're able to see if its what you need.
Don't waste your time.. No free
Terrible app and th subscription policy is a joke
Don't subscribe to this app. Not worth it. I subscribed on the 13th December 2020 and canceled it the next day as it is the same as Hauwei app. They refused to refund my money back.
If its free shouldnt have to pay wish I could rste it no stars
I want my money back!! Iv paid £20 for nothing 😡😡😡
Give impression is free but when installed you realise is not. Would have considered continuing had I known before installing.
So im laying in my bed and its saying im taking steps. Dumbest app ever!!
It doesn't even give an option for my weight.
Wastage of time, they are not providing any plan. After getting all information from you asking to pay for plan. Such Such ridiculous. You should details pricing before even getting user details.
No free trial or subscription. Waste of time
I have tried to cancel my subscription several times but keep charging me.
This is a horrible app. Don't have an app that will help you and then turn around and charge you before you can even get started!! Don't use this app unless you are ok with being taken advantage of 🤦‍♀️
I thought it was free, it is not
I subscribed and paid the 1 year subscription but the app didn't even give me a single plan. It felt like I threw my money on a trash can
Epic fail, DO NOT DOWNLOAD. Asked to pay a monthly fee before I even got to see what this app could do. Don't waste your time!!!!!
No trial period whatsoever. Not willing to pay for an app that I can't try at least for a week to see if it actually does what it says.
It's a scam!! They charge to tell you anything
Weight doesn't go high enough and after you complete the evaluation it makes you pay to get your fitness plan. Terrible app
You fill out all your info and then it wants you to pay for a plan.
Misleading advertising. This app is not here to help people. It was developed to get your money.
Have to pay
Disappointed, I had high hopes for this app, and thought £20.99 for the year was more than reasonable. But the pictures of what the app does and what the app actuedoes is very different. It looks like a hugely cut down version of fitbit, it's a shame as the idea is really good
App is free, you do the quiz, but you have to pay to see anything. Not worth your time
Just workout and get fit without paying anything to them
You can not see anything before you pay and the app is promising pretty unrealistic results.
Very misleading. This is a subscription service. You only find that out after entering all of your details.
NOT FREE!! MAKES YOU SUBSCRIBE ONCE YOU COMPLETE THE SETUP. I WILL NOT PAY FOR A FREE DOWNLOADED APP. SCAM ARTISTS NEGITIVE 🌟
Doesnt even let you try it... misleading then wants money.
Got tricked by an advert from twitter, it seemed legit from the questions and the plan is was building and then it hits you with the payment plan, errt get out of here.
Ask for payment before getting to know the app.
Sucks
huh ,bad
I really dissapointed
no preview no snapshot just asking for subscription money. Dont even bother.
Straight up asks for payment. It's bloody walking, for God's sake!
App doesn't work
Crashed...and expensive. Plenty of free apps to check out. Rather deal with ADs instead of over paying for a broken app
It's just wanting $$$$$ right away
Horrible app!!! I had cancelled before free trail expired, it won't give me full refund and Google play oso didn't send any confirmation of the purchase. Now I'm hanging around, that's not fair.... I wan my full refund back!!!
Its all about money.....
Waste of time they throw up high prices to get desperate people to pay for something that may not even work.
Paid app, will not recommend this app at all.
Why asking money in the last .. when whole data taken . Batter ask for charges in beginning. So the only interested person fill the form .
This app should not be labeled with "in-app purchases". It offers "nothing" for free. In this case they should let the users know and pay before having them install the app and waste their time only to find out they can't get anything out of the app without payment.
Dont waste your time.. Put in all your info just to get to the pay subscription page... Avoid this app.. Uninstalling immediately
Disappointed
It's not free and misleading you to download the app and then they ask me to pay more money than I pay to my gym. Don't waste your time, just go to the gym, it's cheaper !
Doesn't pick up walking!
You have to make a purchase in order to use it. It's a waste of money. Use another app that actually has plans worth spending money on.
Nothing free and 52 quid per year is a rip off.
Asks for money
Can't cancel it. I've tried canceling it 3x and I keep getting charged. I just don't use it and certainly don't want to pay for it anymore. I went through the steps my phone told me to, but the app doesn't appear to be active. When I go on the play store, it shows I own the app. This is a nightmare!
Worthless. I have a smart watch and wanted an app to motivate and track my progress. I can't link my watch to the app. You have to have your phone on you while walking for any steps to count.
Can even see the plan or even a sembelance of it before they hit you with a charge. Poor execution! Layout is funky and doesn't view properly, giving it the feel of a low grade app. High hopes, but disappointed.
Trying to cancel subscription AND get money refunded. Bought by mistake but it will only cancel a year from now. And, I'm unable to use the bought subscription since I uninstalled then reinstalled.
Its should not be on chargeable basis initially...first month it should be free...I am unhappy with the kindly of ad u do and the actual app reveals with.
Used the pay version for a day and was really no point to continue. Google fit/health works much better.
Looking at the one chart where it says how much you should walk depending how tall and how much you weigh well it only went up to 200...and as much as I hate to write this review bc its embarrassing mortifying and makes me wanna crawl in a hole I have to because it's really crappy to look and see that when you're over 200lbs and please dont reply to this with anything mean my heart cant take it...
Why have a free app that you have to pay to use???
Dont say free app when it's not free !!
Heads up: Not a free app. Cannot be used for free in any capacity.
You pay for the same thing any app can get. I refuse to pay.
Paid
$20 a month is all i need to see.
Horrible app! A total rip off. Beyond disappointing. Wish I would've read the reviews. Should be ashamed to charge money for this. Smh. I can't even explain how awful this is. I just feel so stupid I wasted $22!
I got the app thinking it was free decided to pay for it but rilised I put info in wrong and it wouldn't let me change so canceled it then got it again but the price had changed and I cancelled it again so I put for a refund and I have still not got my money back
Garbage app. Wants us to subscribe even before showing a single screen or workout or trial . Lol!!!!
I should have read reviews before downloading!!! Total missale, falls advertisement. Stay away!!!
Should tell you upfront if the plan costs money.
All of these fitness app people need to develop either a free trial or at lest a $1 look at what you are supposed to be paying for. Also the weight only goes up to 331 so the morbid or super obese are left out. 🙄
Stated the app was free, when all you could do for free is input your details. Then have to pay before you can see your plan. There is no trial option to see how the app works before purchasing. Deleted straight away
Waste of time , they didnt even say what to do the first thing they want is your money
You have to pay to use the app... uninstalled
I wish there i could rate it less than 1 because it doesn't worth the time even to open the app- collecting all those details about you then ask for money immediately for weekly payment or whatever to use the app... bug scam
Don't do it. You have to watch your phone the whole time during the different exercise levels. They have exercise timers, but you have to watch your phone for the countdown. There is no music or anything. I cancelled it in less than 24 hours and they won't refund my $43.99. I don't recommend this app at all!!!
Not user friendly
The app got uninstalled due the lack of storage on my phone, I reinstalled it and it doesn't accept ma account whereas I paid for it already. So I paid and I have no access to what I paid. That is very bad. Any help?
Didn't bother after it wanted payment to subscribe.
Only counts steps if you basically carry your phone in your hand everywhere. And no way to link it to fitbit or similar to get more accurate count. Not quite sure what I've paid for...waste of money
WARNING do not purchase. You can tell how much this company values customers buy the stock response to every complaint. First of all, the screen says $13 but they will charge you $30 Next, they're comprehensive personal plan is a total lie. All it is is a list of walking times and intensities would you can easily Google. I asked them for a refund and they told me they didn't have to give me one because it states "all sales are final."
Terrible app, doesn't count steps properly or even daily. And it doesn't even tell you when walking speeds change when your phone is locked so you either have to keep it unlocked or keep looking at your phone every so often. Hate this app, wish I didn't pay for a subscription!!!
Have to pay to try.
Complete trash. All the pictures and information you see.....nothing like this on the app. It's click bait. It's a reason you can't see the actual app without subscribing first. It's simply a inaccurate step counter with no information ot help actually provided. My little android comes prebuilt with free apps that provide more assistance with health. Your pedometer isn't even accurate and you can't connect any walking gear. This is complete trash. Scam
Is paid no good
Downloaded the app, but wasn't aware as soon as you did this you are expected to pay. I'm trying to cancel this subscription but can't find how to do it. What a con!
Paid app after putting all your details in
Why has everything got to cost a bomb
Fake aap. After asking so many questions later ask for subscribtion.
Should be free
you have to mention that it is a paid app
Installed it. Answered the many questions. Then..... it wanted payment to give me the results. Ummm. What did it offer??? Would rather have paid up front.
Already paid the yearly subscription but the app doesn't work. I have no way to cancel the payment and I've only had the app for 2 days. My advice? Invest in a fitbit and don't waste your time with this badly designed and inaccurate app. Total waste of money. Extremely disappointed.
Paid $30 ( subscription) before you can see any plans or even get to see how the app works. This app doesn't give you option to pair with watch. I unsubscribed as soon as I saw this after I paid. They don't pro rate or refund. Very disappointed. Find another app that won't rip you off
Doesn't offer a trial period.
Don't be fooled - donloading an advertisement!!! Downloaded the app, went through all the questions, just to find you have to PAY for any information. It says "in app purchase" on the app information but it doesn't tell you you have to pay for all of it.
Terrible. Can't even use the app without making some kind of payment first of all. Plenty of other fitness apps that at least let you use a portion of them for free.
Do not fall for this garbage! The advertisement on Facebook was misleading. There is more in Samsung Fitness than this, and there's no refund button. Only after paying can you see the very underwhelming app contrasting to the ads. Thoroughly disgusted.
Trash. Avoid.
Such a fraud app. You guys should refund my 25Euro. I cancelled the app in less than 2 hours! That's how pathetic and waste of time it is! Please don't purchase. There are lot of better and trust worthy apps. Not even a single plan received! They claim to do numerous things but it doesn't do one single thing! Even the images that's on the purchase page, is not seen on the app. The personal profile cannot be edited too. The app doesn't have basic things of what a fitness app would do!
Downloaded this app after seeing an ad on tiktok which advertised a walking plan of how many miles you should walk each day, this app does NOT do that. So misleading and conned out of money. Thankfully only £2, but absolutely not the point.
Have to pay for it
Waste of money
It wants you to accept its subscription details before telling you what they are and its the very first thing you do when opening the app. No, just no.
Cheat
Awful! It traps you into a subscription plan that's tricky to get out of. Details are vague, confusing. Steer clear.
How do I get a refund?
I regret buying the subscription. It's useless, and I can't get a refund.
Third grade app. Nothing given except number of steps to walk daily ..there is no unsubscribe option anywhere for android users.. it's scam
Why must I pay before I can even use the app????
I don't want to look at your website that feels like a diet scam, I want to close your stupid ad. That's what the "x" is supposed to do. You suck.
I'm not paying for something other that a ton of other apps have free. What is the motivation to pay for it? What does this app have to offer that we can get free elsewhere?? I don't see how this has 1mil downloads. Very disappointed
Rip off!!
You have to put all of your info then it asks you to pay waste of time
I deleted this after having for a few minutes.. didn't sync with my watch or my phone. Worst £2.69 I've ever spent!
Not challenging nor what I expected.
Worst
You ask me to pay without telling me what to pay for!
Dont Install if you want free..... its not free its give nothing to show for freee
Me han cobrado dos cuotas por la cara, escribes mensajes a soporte y no contestan, cuidado muy difícil encontrar donde dar de baja la suscrición.
This app is garbage and their ads are misleading
Wouldn't know how it is because I'm not paying for an app before even a sample of what it offers 👎
They said on facebook that it is free after completing profile it is asking for money.
Free to download but want up to charge can't even get a free trial to see if I would even like it
Why you guys deducted money one day prior from the renewal date I need my money back
Useless app asking for money just to count ur steps not advisable to use this when free apps are available.
App is free but you have to pay subscription
It does not tell you how long to reach your goal weight.
Useless
Just don't bother. What a scam.
This is use less
I give up when it ask me for Credit card. No trial version.
Fake! Says free but once u download u have to sign up and pay. I don't think so. Walking is the most free exercise there is so to charge for help to track is beyond low!
Simply Waste...
Be up front about costs. Poor service model having people fill out a bunch of info just to have to pay a subscription to see results. Would have given higher review if this was up front.
Useless App
It's not in- app purchases. It's give us your info and then pay us or we tell you nothing. Could have been up front and just charged for the app. Deleted! By the way I would have said no stars if there was that option for the waste of my time.
Don't use this app You just waste your money
Just font install simply takes your information and then asks for money
I turned on this app for the fisrt time today. I filled in the details but then it said i had to pay to walk! Unbelievable.
Inaccurate
makes you go thru an entire questionnaire only to require payment before even trying it out.
Scam
Not free
Scam
Its fraud when you complete the process of required questions then they will ask for payment. Otherwise not be proceed to tell you the result of diet and exercise
There is nothing special in the app. Now charged 9 Euros for nothing. There should have been a free trial and cancellation policy! This is just terrible.
Cant do anything without paying might as well charge $30 dollars to download app. Dont waste your time.
Dragging to only.payment options
Had to purchase a plan or something like that before it would give any help
So bad...
Cheap stunt ...list this as paid app instead
No free trial? SCAM
Doesn't do what it says in the advert, very disappointed
I wanted to try and use this to track my weight-loss journey but will only let me put in my weight up to 331lbs while I weigh 450
You guys are part of the problem! You're making out that there are only three body types to aim for lean, athletic or shredded. Clearly you have no understanding of body morphs and shapes, I'm barrell chested, can't achieve any of them, but if you tell people these are the only options and they can't achieve them, this is when you cause body issues, shaming and mental health problems, you need to reeducate and re think!!! Disgraceful
Waste of time and money . Photos shown aren't part of app.
Forces to purchase app..
App doesn't work has taken 2x payments 20.99 since Dec 2020
Not free
Misleading
*yawn*....
If you're willing to pay for a subscription then this app might be accessible for you.
Don't waste your time, it's not worth it
Not dependable
Fake app
SCAM and I would like a refund. This app is not what it advertises to be its horrible. I paid for a plan that I am not provided with. The picture shown are false
Wants to charge money to use watch
If i could rate zero I would. Money grabbers
Weight doesn't even go high enough, but I can say I'm 8 feet tall... what a rubbish app with no real thought
Very basic for the price and will only work with fitbit. Very disappointing and very generic for the premium price. I requested a refund through Google with in the first hour as I could tell this was not for me. If you going to charge a premium price it should be able to do a lot more than what it currently is capable of and read from from more than fitbit.
Don't install this application.. it is not helpful at all just want to charge before even provide any information about the plan.
After entering all details asking for subscription without any free trail
worst app
This app is so dishonest. Why don't it say that EVERYTHING is paid? I lost my time, measuring my step and looking for exact informations about my self just to know in the end that I would need to pay for any access in the app. I'm really disappointed
Waste of time asking for money before I have even tried it
Don't subscribe to this app Such a waste, you'll lose money and peace of mind as well
You enter your info and then you have to pay to see your plan or do anything else with the app. I immediately uninstalled.
Down loaded put all details in for them want to charge... deleted immediately
Scam!!! Charged twice and ia not working at all!!!
Cancelled within hr and still charged didnt like app its not what they advertise it to be
No mention cost prior to download/ install/set-up
Stated free trial, but charged to my account... 🤬🤬🤬 PO'd
False advertising
Free download, have to pay monthly subscription to use.
Didn't connect to my watch so treadmill workout wasn't tracked. I should have read the reviews more before purchasing
Read other reviews first! Wish I'd read reviews just paid and it is nothing like the adverts just use your in built step counter this is basically what that is!
The application is paid! They don't offer neither a trial!!
It won't let you use it without paying. This is kind of misleading because you can download it for free but the app is not free. Why do it this way? It's a cheaty and pathetic strategy...
Not good at all
A trial atleast should be given to clients. Not straight away target their wallets.
So angry right now... I downloaded it - & tried for a couple of days - I CANCELLED trial subscription 11days before I had to in order NOT to be charged..... guess what just got my bill & they have charged me £21!!! Disgusting
Read the customer reviews and developer responses. Hard pass.
Doesn't even allow for those over a certain wait. Very offensive.
You have to pay before you get access to the app
Vc tem que pagar.. nem 1 mês de teste grátis.
If you pay, you can enter into the app. Else just close the app.
This is advertised as a free app but once you've entered all of your stats it asks you to subscribe to a plan. Maybe give a trial with an option to purchase if the plan works for you
They want your money before you can even see your plan. Forget it. There's lots of free stuff out there
Waste of money
Terrible, does the same as other health trackers but makes you pay a subscription
Waste of time
Says in app purchases but really can't do anything without paying.
This app is horrible. Nothing like advertised
All way money money money
It is soooooo useless. It doesn't even work. Please don't waste your time and data by downloading it
West of time 🙏
Purchased app not like it
Yet again another fitness app that asks for your details THEN asks you to pay. Just tell us from the start it's a pay to use app instead of wasting everyone's time and losing stars on your rating.
Don't waste ur money. Awful app. Freezes all the time
Purchase?? You literally have to purchase a subscription to do anything.
Went through the set up and then it asked for money to see my plan. Uninstalled immediately. Total click-bait. I'll continue with Fitbit for free.
I walked for over an hour before realizing the app was not registering my steps. It also lags terribly when it is recording. Lastly, the fat burn cycles don't really last long or even make me break a sweat. It is NOT worth paying for. I am going to ask for a refund.
Worst app
Subscription required
Can't access any of the app features unless you subscribe to a plan and pay
Scam
This apps is not accurate and not a friendly apps for new beginners like me. It's such a disappointment. I will cancel my subscription, this apps really is a waste.
What a waste of time. App asks several questions and gets ready to plan a work out and then BANG subscription! No free trials Nope good bye
Went through setup answering all the questions then told to pay
Not free like advertising
No info unless you pay upfront
It'll ask you series of questions and ask money to proceed. Ad bait application
CLICKBAIT AND TOTAL WASTE OF TIME.
Waste of money
I paid for it. Used it for 2 days. I've only done 23 steps! Refund please!
This is not a free app, you put all your info in, it comes up with a plan then you have to pay to get the plan.
I'm so sorry that I did not read the reviews first. The features advertised are not available when you pay for the subscription. One odd thing is that you must have your phone in order to count steps and even this does not count accurately. You can not connect to a pedometer e.g. Fitbit. This app is definitely under developed. Everyone should be given their money back; this is the honest thing to do.
Waste of time. Don't download please.
False claimss...just a click bait
fraud app
I am not getting what you promised on your add at all.
Seriously....shouldn't cost money to get in shape by utilizing info from an app. Immediately uninstalled when it got to part where it asked for payment
Yeah, go through the set up then they want you to pay. Go pound sand. Uninstalling.
Money app
Wouldn't reccomend
Not ever one trial week , direct paisa Paisa😂
Worst app
Stupid app..
Cobra por gusto
Buy subscription for walking? Are you serious?
Current weight only goes to 150.9kg. Why put a limit? This app isn't for me, I weigh much more.
Waste of time, you have to pay to use it so don't even bother to install it
It's wastage of time and money.
This was advertised as a free program. This is a lie. You can't access even a preview without paying. No thanks.
I'm already pay... Useless app... My gt2 pro already 8000+ step.. And this useless app still 65+ step... 😄😄😄... Anyway this my first time i give a bad and negative comments
Dont buy very bad
It's only paid. After getting a huge information about yourself shows u need to be paid.
Es 70 kg un 192 cm programma pateica ka esmu resns. Stulbums
Absolutely nothing like advertised on Facebook! Glad I only wasted £2.69 and not a whole on it. This is an absolute rip off other other free walking apps so don't waste your time or money on it. If you are going to advertise a product, at least make it as advertised! SCAM
Waste of money. Does nothing more then any other FREE walking apps. Takes your money first before you can even try app. Wish I had read all the previous reviews first. Stay clear.
Do nit waste time and money!
Nothing is for free
Dont bother, you have to pay to trial it. I hate apps like this where you download them, go through setup and then it says subscribe for a week, year, month without a demo of the basic feature. £2.90 to trial for a week.
Doesn't adjust difficulty. I am rating the experiences and I keep rating that it is too easy but the app does not adjust to the user. Not that thrilled I didn't read the reviews beforehand since there will be no refund and I have yet to find auto-renewal cancel button. I wanted the app to provide guidance on speed, duration, everything I need to help me get tone. So far, I have to adjust on my own without support from app. Which I was under the impression the app was going to provide.
As many others have said, you put all your info into this app and it creates a plan which you can't even preview unless you sign up for a trial (which seemingly is difficult to get your money back from or cancel if it's no good) - uninstalled immediately. AVOID!
have to pay
Ad pictures does not match the actual app. You can find much better apps for free
Terrible. Can't sync to fitbit or smart watch. I don't carry my phone with me always. Not at all worth the cost. Total rip off. I never leave reviews, but I don't want this to happen to anyone else.
Scam
They talked about a free trial but it was NEVER revealed...I smelled a RIP off and immediately uninstalled it, especially after reading the reviews...
This is not a free app. They want $30 to tell you to walk! I'll pass!
This app is for people to lose weight? But it doesn't go above 331lbs? Thanks alot for that. Now I'm too fat to lose weight. I just quit there and uninstalled, so I never even got to use it.
You need to pay to get started
If I could give 0 stars I would.. apps like this should be free to help people get healthy again especially as alot suffer from mental health issues ..
Don't want to pay before using it. It ask to pay first without knowing features. Disappointed ☹️
Doesn't have any trial and automatically starts with subscription and all the reviews are negative .
Cost money
It is false advertisement. Set up section says that it will devise a plan, but it actually is just a step counter with timer.
To be health should not cost anyone a penny, charging people money to help them get free, robbing bastards.
Doesn't even let you do anything before subscribing to it.
Waste product
Without payment they doesn't allow you to use the app.
Everything is paid, atleast some basic stuffs can be accessed first and then could have paid
It does everything thing and in last asks for money..... Very disgusting and cheap trick
Just asks what I need to become, my body weight height and then immediately asks me to pay, Atleast give us a trial 7 day to see how the app functions.. Without knowing how can one pay.. very bad.. 😣
Scam. Answer a bunch of questions to finally get to a screen at the end that forces you to buy a subscription before you even see if the app does anything.
Very deceptive. They don't tell you the cost until you answer all the questions. There is also no "refuse" option. I deleted the app.
What's money before telling you anything.
Dont install It after doing everything it's chargeble
App seems to work.but can tell as it asked for payment before even trying so just removed it.
After entering all my information I was taken to a billing page. There is no way to try the app or see if it's right for me. I would expect a free trial but there is no option for that so it's a no from me.
bloody money thirsty people
Fake app
Too much money for advice you can get doctors consultation in cheap.
In order to see your "walking plan" you have to buy, so it really isn't a free app. Misrepresented.
This app seems to hide the fact that it is fee based, until the very end of the setup. Deceptive! The app profile says NOTHING about this.
Fully paid app, scam
Fraud App.. charging money without trial period and no refund issued...Don't waste money by buying subscription.
Deceptive subscription required
Its totally paid
Only pay option 🤬
Useless
Worst app
Rubbish very difficult to cancel
You haft to pay for it
This app has none of the features that were shown in the advertisement that convinced me to purchase it. It doesn't even track steps accurately. There is no way to add steps either. I have used free apps with more functionality than this.
Asks questions then tells you you must pay.
worst app.. it ask for money
Advertisement is very misleading, until and unless you subscribe you cannot use it, when I choose the weekly package and try to pay it is picking a yearly subscription, which is totally misleading the customers so I am rating this as low.
Cheat one
To costly
There is no free version!
Total scam! Tells you it will give you a walking plan to reach your goals, but you don't get your plan after you pay. ZERO STARS!
Can't pair my phone app to my FitBit. Now I don't get info from either.🤨🤔😖
Worst app..tells free but ask for money every time..n doesn't proceed
You should point from the start that this app has no free basic option to start so i wouldn't waste my time. How can i pay to you without even trying? The app is already lagging.
Bakwasss
Bad app
This is nothing but a glorified pedometer. It does NOT calculate how many steps you need to take, but lets you choose your own. Most phones have a free pedometer to keep track of this, and this app is NOT FREE! To access your steps, you need to pay a subscription of "40p per week after your first billing period" however it charged me just over £20 immediately. Cancelled immediately without use and uninstalled hoping for a refund. Just do 10000 steps (5 miles) every day rather than waste money!
Waste app completed all information ...after that showing payment
App doesn't work
Over priced useless app. You can find this kind of walking plan on internet for free
👎👎👎👎👎
Just anothe app taking advantage ($$$) of the chubby people.
It makes it sound like it's a free app it's free to download but you have to pay to use it
Useless app it's not free they ask for money
It's not working. Waisting your time. App getting your all data and asking for a purchase plan. Not usable.
baksas i want to my many return plz
App it paid only, there is not try or a demo, can't trust on this app
Ask for subscription
False advertising as to what this app actually offers. Huge waste of money and no refunds. Way to go Google Play on not allowing canceling within the first day with a refund.
Bad app
not good app
Ye sahi hai sari steps hum chal rhe hai fir khaye ka liye purchase kre amre mobile me inbuilt step tracker hai usse hum apne aap dekh lenge chaiye inko paisa koi bhi use na kro faltu app hai upar se pta nhi apni location ka kya karega
Bad reviews won't be using it
Waste of time 🤦🏻‍♂️
Just fit in all your data to be charged for a plan without any demo to see how it goes. I wouldn't mind paying an year plan after seeing how if works. But now it's just a scam
Not what I expected and would perfer a refund
Not free and compete rubbish
No indication that they're going to charge you $12.99 (? Don't remember exactly) a month, until you're already too far in. Want to uninstall? Ha. They're going to charge you anyway. And keep charging. Until you figure out how to cancel. There's another reviewer here who canceled within an hour of download and got charged anyway! I could be wrong, but it just feels like a bait-and-switch. Really too bad because, with a little more openness (and some up-front honesty), it might be a decent app.
This app has not counted my steps in two days.. Yesterday and today.. I paid for this app, because it was supposed to count my steps.. It doesn't even work with my Garmin. Canceling my membership and uninstalling this app.. Would like a refund. May
Beware- it's actually a Pay app. I didn't get very far bc after adding all my info it wanted me to pay for a plan. Had I known it was a pay plan I never would've downloaded it. 👎
Minus 1. No FREE trail. Very disappointed . I have had to uninstall.
Only reason for negetive rating is that this app first collect you data, you fill all the details patiently and then shows subscription plans. User should know beforehead about charges instead they spend time and then knowing it's a waste if not purchasing subscription.
This app does nothing.
The steps are only accurate if you are always carrying your phone. Wish it could merge with a device like Fitbit for more accuracy. Not worth the money.
Most unuseful app. You can't charge anyone without showing yours capabilities!!
Doesn't worth it, it basically counts your steps nothing more! My phone does the step counts already why would I wanna pay for it? Quite disappointed.
Bad service
Said it was "free". It's not! You download the app but must pay for a service to determine how much you should walk to reach goals.
I can't even put my weight in it stops at three hundred and something I know I'm fat but I would like to be able to put my weight in so I can work on my target weight instead of my target weight be the exact same weight as me because you don't go any higher
i'm disappointed somehow because you cannot access unless you subscribe..it means it forces you to pay......
This is chargeable app...last me batate hai sale cheater log
Wants to charge you $$$
Won't let you do anything without a purchase.
Rubbish app
Useless
When it's too good to be true most probably it's not true. Watch reviews before purchase.
False advertisement as it said free app but when you go on and start filling it in and it comes to seeing your plan you have to PAY FOR IT so uninstalled it
Doesn't even load
It's not a free app, you have to pay to use it.
Totally paid not even trail of week
It's completely paid. There should be trial plan.
No trial period, so after entering all of your details, you have a choice between paying money to find out how good/bad their recommended "weight loss plan" is... or, you can do what I did, and just uninstall the app. Why would we pay for a service, without having any idea if it's any good ?!
Nu iti offers mai multe detalii despre aplicatie ca da iti dai seama daca merita sa o cumperi sau nu !
They are ridiculus.they mentioned charges for month and deduct additional.charges of almost same amount.why was that??? I asked for a refund....nd the app is just nothing to pay for..
Waste app. Don't install... This ask more money for weight loss process.... Waste
Useless app
Money minded
"in app purchases" yeah right!! The whole app is a purchase!! An expensive £30+ yearly purchase!! There's no point in letting people download it, put there basic height and weight to to then say "oh by the way you have to pay to use any part of our app" you may as well just out that on the front page and have done with!! You are just replying on those "download" figures to make you look good. Doesn't show how many downloaded then uninstalled as soon as they opened it. Completely pointless
Take all the info and then they will ask you to pay, cheap and greedy
Have to pay pay pay.
This app literally does not work. It does nothing. Most of these reviews are obviously fake; 10 real people in a row would not start their review with the full name of the app. Garbage!
So bad
very bad app uselles
Did nothing
Didn't work at all
FAKE AF
ANOTHER DIRTY SCAM. Put it on a red surface and don't touch it and it registers 52 beats. I have a red phone case and tipped the case and the "heartbeat" started registering. It uses movement of the phone to show a fake "heartbeat". The flashlight turns on and turns your finger red and that registers it to record a number. These freaking foreign scammer developers are a joke. This is likely to scare people to death if they cant figure out the scam! And they're ALL TAKING PEOPLES MONEY! FAKE!
Didn't work
No relationship at all between display and actual heart rate. Pulse was a steady 52, while the app showed 85, and 97 on recheck.
To much add.....faltu app don't download zero rating app.
Not correct. Fitbit.shows.93 this.app 156.no
Simply we can say it as toy app.
I put my finger on the camera oh, the flash light comes on oh, I can see the heart pulsing. I hold my finger there for a minute maybe two minutes and nothing happened. Annoyingly the ads continued after I paid for my subscription. Other than that little first page of instructions there's nothing for me to try to figure out if I did something wrong and now I cannot get back to that page. I want my $3.99 back for the 6 months or whatever I paid and I will go try to find an app that works
This is feedback
Waste
Useless, doesn't work.
FAKE APP👎👎👎👎👎👎 TRIED IT ON A WATER BOTTEL AND IT GAVE A READING OF 87. IF I CAN GIVE IT A NO STAR RATING I WOULD. VERY FAKE DO NOT INSTALL👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Inaccurate
do i have a heart disease like what the heck?!
this ad is only to show ads...doesn't work
Application is unstable and extremely unreliable in terms of accuracy
Wildly inaccurate
This app doesn't work. Took my money and still doesn't work😔🤦🏽‍♀️
Horrible
This app is too intrusive! I don't want to use an app that has more than a page of ligal terminology to cover their behind.
Doesn't work
Burned my finger , it makes you put your finger on the light which gets very hot.
I had my finger on my neck and on the camera at the same time and the speeds were significantly different
Useless app. Completely inaccurate. There are much better ones here
Garbage
Completely inaccurate.
totally worthless! every small movement triggers another ad. tries to force enrollment in various web sites. should be used for malware testing.
I don't want to use this app any more but I can't find where to cancel the subscription. Shady. I even tried doing it through the play store but it will only let me pick a more expensive plan. I WANT TO CANCEL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! LET ME CANCEL!!! please let me leave. I need that $8 to buy ramen noodles so I can eat for the next 2 weeks.
Couldn't see the app for adverts..
Samsung Galaxy S10 When I placed my finger on my camera as described, it made my finger burn as is now quite painful.
Couldn't get it to work on my note 9.
Horrible app. WON'T SHOW RESULTS AND WON'T LET YOU CLOSE APP.
This app DID NOT work for me. Never got a reading, flash turns on for no apparent reason, but no BP rate.
Fill of ads
Way too many adds
Poor
Did not measure anything no matter what I tried
I put my finger on the camera many, many times and it just wouldn't register. Uninstall..
Does nothing
Uninstalled after three straight ads. Ridiculous!
Worst
Doesn't work..
Not sure
Malcios
Yet another useless JUNK app!
The app took my heart rate at an extremely low-level. I have issues with tachycardia so there's no way it could have been 75. That was actually the rhythm of the vibration from the test. furthermore at the chart in the app claims a healthy heart rate is between 120 and 160... That isn't even close to true a healthy heart rate range is 60 to 100.
This app is not measuring BMR,why?👎
A lot of Ads
Measurement are not even close
It burned mine and my moms finger really bad
this is a scam guys. you CAN NOT get a BPM rating from a CAMERA
It dont work ive been waiting for a reading for five minutes wow
This does not work. I even did the 6 month subscription for $3.99, still get ads, but no pulse reading. I will be contacting my bank to gave the charge removed.
It gave me what I know to be a false result, resting heart rate of 122 bpm My resting heart rate is usually,in fact almost always in the range of 58 to 68 bpm I didn't even want to give this app one star but had to in order to type a review. Why create apps that don't do what manufacturers claim they do?
Rong chake
Did not work on my Galaxy Note 9
Avoid because of full screen ads
I didn't understand how the hell this app reading my father pulse from my fingers 😜😜
Complete garbage, I get 80 BPM and if I check again it jumps to 120 BMP then back to the 80 BPM range. I reckon I wouldn't feel very well if that was the case. The good reviews are obviously bots or extremely unoriginal paid reviews but I'm betting on bots.
Thief. I purchased the premium version and got screwed. The ads are still on and I have to watch videos to access my data. Fix it now.
The camera light got too hot.
One second it says 94 then I "recheck" it says 52 then again it says 83 and then 65. Mind you I didnt move my finger any times, I had it as it described I was supposed to and nothing changed but what it read.
Doesn't work
OK I agree to adds, but seriously how many bloody adds can you ram into an app
So fake it got a heart beat from my pillow
🤣this thing is a joke I did it once and it said it was 87 bpm and then did it right after that one to test accuracy and it said 151 bpm🤣🤣🤣 I would not try this app!
Fake
I couldn't find the results. Its really worst.
Doesn't even work at all
Dosnt work wants you to pay and also spams you with ads!
Ads are intrusive and annoying. There is no capability to export recorded data, a most basic essential. It also appears to be unstable.
Gives a much higher result than is accurate
Useless.
Does not work
There are so many ads it's basically a spam.
Inaccurate! I was having elevated heart rate due to pregnancy and exerting myself and it said my HR was 176 that is not accurate. I went to get my Fitbit watch that was charging out it on and retested and it was 60+ beats off. Would not recommend for accuracy!
It's rubbish. Didn't work for me
fake
Didn't work.
Wouldn't take a reading on my galaxy s10e no matter where I put my finger
Doesn't work do not waste your money
bad
It does nothing, it just says "NAN"
It says wrong I check my pulse it is 90 here it says 172
Fake
I've read my BPM 5 times while I'm sitting, resting in my chair. I think 145 to 165 is a little high when my resting heart rate is normally 68 to 70. Another complete waste of time.
Bad
The app works great but i just paid for the lifetime package around 10 dollars and all the adds are still showing up. Not sure how to go about getting this fixed, i have a Samsung Galaxy Note 10+.
Use less it doesn't work as it suggested
Not accurate
Doesn't work Tried placing my finger multiple times on the camera and it did nothing. Samsung S10
Doesn't work my note 10. I placed finger on main camera and waited........
LOTS of ads.
Must be a special kind to believe this app
Not working ☹️
Too bad
Bad readings
Impossible to figure out.
Well, I have no idea what the line is, it certainly isn't anything to do with my heart rate. Another App best avoided.
Couldn't get it to work at all
Does not work at all never took readings waited forever.
Just wanted to check my heart rate not answer a bunch of questions
Hot garbage. Does NOTHING. There's a lot of really anything ads though... So it's got that going for it.
This app doesn't work. I do not recommend. I would give less than one star.
Horrible!! The light from the heart rate monitor almost burned my finger off. The ads are almost every five mins. Just not worth the money or pain.
👎👎👎
Doesn't work as described
I was trying it out on a whim. I took my red hoodie and placed my camera close to it. By surprise, it scanned. Does it really take my heart rate or this is a scam? I feel like it is.
There are so many adds that it won't even let reach to the launch screen upon installation.
Did not work flash turned on but no reading rubbish!
No funtion
Total garbage. No specific number of pulss
Doesnt work
Does not work on S9. Ads are too intrusive as well.
Fakkkkke hold up a red object to the camera and it shows a bpm how's that supposed to happen
I PAID FOR THIS APP AND STILL ALOT OK F ADS AND STUFF AND KEEPS WANTING ME TO PAY AGAIN AND AGAIN I IMMEDIATLY TRY TO CANCEL AND NO
Rubbish
Held finger forevr nothing
My heart rate is 55 bpm and this app showed 96 bpm.
Doesnnt work
Wrong BPM
Complete garbage. Do not download.
Worst ap ever seen
Bhut ghatiya hai ye app logo Ku mobile Ki space khta hai
My fingers hurt the light in my phone burt my finger i feel noxious my got cancer p🤢🤮
BAKWAS APP
Fake reading suddenly are chnage
Worst app it on the camra otmatic and also it is a hacker
Very inaccurate
This app said my heart rate was 210 but my fit bit and self count was about 70
Fake... Scam...cheating....sucking app🤒
Does not work in galaxy s20 plus
Cannot get it to work at all.
Trash the ad scams not worth my time and frustration being bombarded by ADVERTISING
Creepy ads. Bad app.
Bad app
It says a Lot about thr developers when an App has Two simple misspellings just in the first line of instructions. Not going to take a chance about what else is wrong. Uninstalling.
Garbage . First try it tells heartbeat is between 62 to 88 second try it tells your heartbeat is between 89 to 110 . Do not install . CREEPY STUFF.
The phone heats up after placing the finger on the sensor. Tried with other pulse checker and samsung health app, the sensor never heats up as it does while using this app. It feels like the finger is burning. Can't even conduct a single test.
It's scam app. How can a camera detect your pulse rate. They are stealing your finger print when you place your finger on camera it. Not sure how play store allowing such apps. It's too scary when people starts placing their fingers on macro camera. It's too easy for them to steal it.
Poor app
Did nothing except show ad ???
Awful
Excellent
A perfect Ad pop-up app with an endless supply of Ads. Inaccurate as an app can ever be. Gives 130 BPM at one try and 65 in the other. Well done! You proved your point that you solely exist for ad revenue.
Fake I have a heart condition I just checked my heart beat the old fashion way and it was low like away I use this and it say 80 so something lies
Sucks
I could not it to work. Maybe it does not work on newer phones like the S20.
I have a heart rate monitor and this is so off it would give a storm trooper a run for its money.
Nothing happened app crashed
Too hot on my finger
Too many ads.
Cost me 2k thinking I had a heart attack. Went to hospital found out that my heart was in perfect condition. Looks like this app is no where close to accurate. Still angry about it. It was an awful decision.
As soon as you open the app you'll be bombarded with ads. Not worth the time or effort.
Fake, heart rate goes up just by moving yuh our phone not real
Not working in my Mi A2
Not working
Worst
Don't download. Not accurate at all.
Doesn't work
It said 62...i checked again it said 91. 😂😂😂😂
Does not work well with Motorola G7. 30bpm off from my other hrm app and Fitbit charge 3. Time waster.
Not recommened App wont respond Difficulty downloading.
It's unaccurate
Pulse only no oxygen measurements
This is not a good app
Bakwas app
Terribly inaccurate!
Ads too many
Need bp monitor
Ads are WAY too intrusive
Can't give it 0 stars, this is just adware
Horrible, takes a long time to get results and I still didnt get my results.You should make the service faster.
My phone burned 😩 my finger 😒
Fake
What a POS app. 😆😆 Does not work at all
Doesnt work on galaxy s9
The fingerprint never changed from red to green to take pulse. In hindsight, I began thinking you put your finger tip on a camera for pulse results you never get. HMMM! FINGER ON CAMERA = PICTURE OF MY FINGERPRINT? Where does that end up? Do you want your fingerprint floating around cyber space? What happens if it falls into criminal hands?
Error checking every time
Doesn't work anymore. It starts above 100 but falls to 60. I'm running for like a minute and I get 68 beats per minute. I need this for school and I'm going to fail if this app won't work.
Fraud hai. Fingure ki jgh kuch bhi rakh k dekhlo koi cloth rakhdo uski bhi BP bta dega.
Full of bugs, very inconsistent, mostly gives me measurement error.
Did not get the answer
Not accurate.. tried several times information is inaccurate.. tried with home machine ...do not use
Doesnt even work a joke
will buy the premium version if you explain how a camera app which works on optics and light and how no pressure sense involved is able to measure blood pressure. Also there a hack if you place a red subject on the camera the app starts its random function , this app gave me bp count of a red ball. please try and rate 1 star
I've taken my pulse over a dozen times trying to get an accurate read with this app. Keep getting pulses in the 130-140 range when both my fitness tracker and a self count have me in the mid 70s. This app is garbage.
Won't even read my pulse
It doesn't read your heart rate I keep telling you to put your finger in the camera which I have many times it won't pick it up!! Last time I checked I believe I was alive or maybe I'm a vampire who the heck knows.. LOL not a good app
Can't believe on this
It doesn't work.
Fake
Just simply doesn't work. When comparing to actually physically testing and counting, it was off by 10-20 beats more times than it was correct. Perhaps it's my phone or.....
Rubbish
Absolute rubbish will not give you a reading
Heart rate read 57 was actually 72
I think it wants are identady from finger prints? cuz it emeetly ternd on my cam from the front and I rushed to ceep my finger on the cam then it such I did it again and it was asking for my finger print I think someone is spying thru this app which is vary creepy yet horrifying don't dawnlod this app unless you want your identity stolen
Whenever I put finger in the camera it did nothing
Burns my finger
No good
Could not read my pulse due to it burned my finger and it had not even started counting yet ! I could not keep my finger there I now have a blister cause I tried to keep my finger there but it got hotter !
If u place ur finger in sensor flash light . ur finger get burning. Not good. Better Samsung healthy app
Just bad
I had a few problems on my tablet when trying to put my finger over the light
It foesn't even access heart sensor. It turns on the camera flash.
It's telling me to put the finger on the sensor or camera but it won't work! I tried a million time and no result.
App simply does not work. I am unable to log on, cannot reset my password and the app provides no help to get going. I find the watch worthless without the app, can't even set the time. Total frustration!
Bad for your health! Wasted too much time reloading app to try to get it to work. Never will let you register, many problems, captcha not working, locks you out, never got registered, have a watch that is useless because of this crappy app.
The bp readings are incorrect and the SpO2 is also incorrect. The sleeping data doesn't work at all.
captcha doesn't work, cant create account.
Couldn't get any blood oxygen or pressure reading. Chose to reset to factory settings and now will not connect to phone
Can't open the app. It asks for autostart which I simply can't find anywhere in the settings, so the app won't open. No phone number to call for help, you tube is no help, and I've done everything Google suggested. App won't open.
The worst app ever seen in my life.. why connect smart watch with such crab app. It seem the watch manufacturing dodgy and the app worst
Would not load to my android without my PayPal password ! Seems very dodgy to me and blue tooth did not work either . So without my vitals , height weight etc. None of the results of blood pressure etc. were accurate . Hmmmmm ! ,..,.. Disappointed ....
can't get sleep mode to work
Absolute Disappointment all the way around...
Wish i had access to these reviews before purchasing. I can't even get it to sync with my phone
Does not function as advertised. CS doesn't respond to calls or emails if you complain of issues.
User unfriendly
Won't work at all while on my wrist. Sleep monitoring- forget it. Steps is all that works and my phone does that. Don't waste your money. Sorry I did.
Purched two of these watches. Lasted three days and the only thing that works is the time. All other features either don't work or inaccurate..
This dayband sleep function does not work. I know this because I have checked 3 days in a row and the times are all out for deep and light. Also there is no awake time recorded.
Ive had this for about a week now and i've had numerous problems. I cant even set up a login, it wont setup or sync to bluetooth. I hate this watch, what a SCAM!!!
Do not buy this product. If you do remember I warned you not to buy it. If you try to reload it it's absolutely impossible just read all the reviews if you don't believe me. There's no instructions on how to transfer it to a new phone and there's absolutely no phone number to call for help. Do not buy this junk product
Fell short of my expectation and it runs my phone battery down. It was glorified to take your blood pressure and your heart rate and your blood oxygen and check your messages on your phone for you, for starters. I believe they're all generalized and inaccurate. On top of that you have to give it like 10 permissions. And I don't trust it now probably just the way to gather information out of my phone
Not good, does nothing when you try to register
Can't get it registered. Terrible set up. Sorry I bought it. Big mistake. Piece of junk.
Would not synch PYBO phone.
Doesn't integrate with Samsung Galaxy S10E phone. Have tried this with 5 different Kore Trak watches.. Sleep function never works on any of them. Does not seem to update automatically have to go in and do it manually. All body function areas are inaccurate. Works as a watch.
DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY on purchasing this watch or downloading the app. Sadly, I bought one for myself and one for my son. I recently had a Fitbit and it stopped working & the net research made this watch sound wonderful BUT it actually IS NOT. None of the readings are correct. If you have high BP DO NOT TRUST the low reading! Sleep reading do not work at all. Just a bad produce and horrible app. Spend the extra for a Fitbit. Too $$$ but accurate!
Bad Can't track sleep
Heart rate and blood pressure do not work well
Phone has lost synch and unable to change as telling me my account doesn't exist. Not impressed so far.
Just got my new fitness tracker today that is supposed to work with the DayBand app, but the app won't let me register because you cannot get past captcha. Tried it several times and have installed and uninstalled the app 3 times now. What a waste of time.....and a waste of money for a fitness tracker that won't allow you to review any info. Very disappointed after a month long wait.
I cannot get past the captcha at registration. Please help! It's not popping up in order for me to complete my registration
No trust in data
Can't get past captcha, can't register. Can't register so can't use app.
I finally signed in. Now i cant find in the settings auto start. So i cant enter any of my details.
So far. It sucks. Cannot make it load to phone or device.
Can't create an account captcha won't allow login
Cannot Register new account. I got the verification code but will not complete the registration process.
Does not work on apps with incorrect B/P, O2 sat inaccurate, would not have purchased if I knew you couldn't return the damn thing, waste of money. Unable to register in play store or set up time, day, ...
The B/P is off by a minimum of 30/10. Not good. Sleep option hasn't worked, uninstalled/reinstalled. Not impressed at all. Save your money if these things are important to you. Wouldn't buy again.
Can't seem to register this. Where is the Captcha string I'm supposed to type in??
Won't let me register
This is a piece of junk
Absolute garbage. Blood pressure off over 20 pts. Does not keep good time. Software is horrendous if you can even get it to work at all. Can not even get the updated software to work. The unit itself appears decent although the same watch is available on ali express from a bunch of different vendors for way less. STAY AWAY.
Steer clear don't waste your money!! Setup and operating instructions very limited and poor. Not as advertised forget about sleep monitoring no instructions to setup, doesn't work.
I purchased two, for me and my wife. My wife's could not be set closer than 6 minutes to accurate. Mine had water inside after the third day. Neirher one ever functioned completely, no sleep record, etc. On top of that disappointment, they only offered 20% on return. Do not waste your money on this joke.
Couldn't even register
Cannot get it to work
Dissapointed This app can not auto reconnect after out of range with device Do not install it
Very poor app with horrible user interface.
Does not work on my Samsung
Very bad experience, this is rubbish
If like me, you have come to this app by way of KoreTraK, then like me, you are soon to realise that both the app and KoreTraK are rubbish and you will shortly be fighting to get a refund. I have sent them my refund request but so far it’s landed on deaf ears. These are my issues with KoreTraK 1) The blood pressure results are not accurate when compared with other devices. The readings are always around 123/74. 2) The heart beats are not consistent with other devices. 3) The touch screen becomes non- responsive 4) The on-screen time out is much to short 5) Raise hand to activate mostly does not work 6) Online account creation is almost impossible 7) Day Band android app is a third party app and not specific to KoreTrak. It is barely fit for purpose.
This watch has an accurate clock, but the blood pressure, heart rate are nowhere near accurate maybe the steps count as well. A complete waste of money The app sync is perfect, very quick
Unable to register as ''Captcha'' button does not provide a captcha immage, it simply counts down for 60 seconds. Have tried this app on 2 devices with the same results. This leaves me with a £50 device I can't even set the time on.
Does not monitor sleep
Cannot register due to Captcha issue. Please fix our email reply to email I sent, then I'll be glad to update rating.
Same problem reported by Ali Whiteford. Can't register from my android. useless. can't set correct time. too hard to register.
Can't install the captcha doesn't. Clear what do we do.
There is no way to register because the Capcha makes it too hard.
Probably Trojan or malware inside. I found inappropriate SMS text written and ready to be send to my last contact. Removed immediately. A lot of permissions for such an app
There is nothing good to be said about this app. There is the blood pressure which is always 120/70 +- 2. Taken on a genuine cuff, 136/80. The temperature is always 42, day or night. Heart rate is taken hourly, not continuously. There are only 4 sports that can be measured, which includes badminton and table tennis. My watch does not include walking. I won't use the word I'm thinking. Additional info: the watch/app just told me my heart rate was 90. By the old pulse and clock method it was 60.
Tried to complete installation couldn't get pass the Get Captcha option
It worked great for 2 months and them quite. Call Them and they told me it was broken and they will do nothing at all So this is a thumbs down big time
Will not provide capcha to register, & blue tooth connects but does not bind device to phone: WORTHLESS PIECE OF JUNK !
Sucks
Pending....
Koretrack watch is JUNK! This app may be ok but what good is it if the hardware dosen't work. It doesen't measure the body functions correctly, and then stops working on the second day. I also bought the warrentee. we will see if they honor that. I hope your reading this before you waste your money on that watch. I wouldnt give it any stars if i could.
Very poor.
You never fix the application to follow users' default language (utf-8/16: 1033).You never fix the issue of creating an account, nor ever let us restart the devices!! Why? --- It counts a little more steps (10%) than my Embrace/Empatica, but half of the distance, everyday.
Wrong weather report sync, inaccurate pulse and bp report. It is worst purchase I ever made. Buyer beware..... A cheap piece of junk.
Scrolling through the reviews I notice that no one's issues/complaints have a reply back from the app developers, which to me is bad business. Secondly, everyone has same issues. I have to power down my watch everyday because the BP HR AND PULSE OX reading randomly doesn't work, as soon as you power off/on again they function. As far as accuracy the BP is same +- a few, heart rate is accurate against my finger Oximeter, O2 is way off. Sleep mon. works when it wants to. I would not recommend!!!
Had the watch and this app for almost 2 weeks. Sleep monitor has never worked. Blood pressure feature always has about the same results, 123/72+-. Real BP Cuff around 135/63+-. Step counter does pretty good, as well as BPM feature. Basically just another digital watch. Would not recommend it. Would return it but KoreTrak won't accept returns.
Very bad experience when talking on the Phone line it starts going off and playing music after a week it actullay recorded heart rate and did the steps but nothing else. Lost the pairing several times and had to redo.
Unfortunately I can't get my phone to connect with device, it keeps asking me to hold device closer, and being next to phone I can't get any closer
I've had the Kore watch and this app for 1.5 weeks. The HB, BP and sleep functionality doesn't work. The customer focus is zero.
This is the most unfriendly apps I have ever worked with. Too cumbersome, should be a lot easier. Can't get past the Capcha what ever that is.
The app won't give me the capcha. Makes the watch USELESS.
Unable to use app, can't register or get past the catchca requirement. Only took three months to deliver it!
I cannot get it to work
Bad news. Can't even set the time. App. Doesn't connect or reset One star is 1 too many
Not connecting to KoreTrak! Why?
Please fix the weather. How can the GPS be accurate with the location & the weather not?
This sucks. Can't even get started. Won't even accept my email address. No matter what I do. Wow! How exciting and frustrating.
Won't even let me register I'm gonna have to send my watch back because the app doesn't work
outdated watchfaces
The app will not allow me to register!
Download will not open. Terrible app
Am not able to set step length so went from 213 steps to over 300 when actually only taking 25 steps. Have not been able to set the time plus many other complaints to which cannot find any help. Very bad purchase!!!! K A
I cannot register .. the register button does not acknowledge any in put
Wont let me connect my phone with it and it keeps saying find the phone when my phone is near it
Can't sync up KoreTrak with my phone
The band is great but the app is terrible. The band works as intended but it is just a glorified watch because the app won't work. I haven't been able to sign into the app since the last update on December 29.
Unable to get past Catcha
Why do I have to give this app access to my photos, media and files? That's unnecessary. This should be disclosed PRIOR TO PURCHASE OF THE BAND.
Will not pair with my samsung phone.
Can not use on S10plus.
A pain to register it. Gave up
Would NOT pair with phone. Returning both Kore Traks I bought for my husband and I. To Les: A number goes to your email. That is then entered in the captcha line.
Does not work as advertised and can not get any tech support. Horrible!!
Do not purchase , dont be taken in by the hype , I wasted money purchasing a koretrek watch , doesn't work after one day and cant charge it , absolute rubbish .
If there was no star i would probably give it 0 Junk app waste of time
I love the band I find the heart beat right on the mark but, this app is not good sorry. I find it impossible to sign in, I keep being told the email and password are not accurate when they are.
Device did not meet expectations
DON'T BUY THIS! I bought three of these...one each for my sister and I to become familiar with, so we could give one to our disabled brother who has epilepsy, to measure his blood-oxygen. I didn't do due diligence and read the app reviews...more fool me. The CAPTCHA requirement is beyond stupid - there is NO explanation of what to do, and I only happened to see the email with the verification code when I checked a different device. The email never came to my laptop at all, and they only allow 60 seconds to receive the email, enter the code and write in your password (twice)...and if you take longer, you have to re-send the CAPTCHA. After all that, I finally got myself registered, and looked at the settings on the app. It told me I have 90% pulse-ox, and then about a minute later it said 97% - which is right? Probably neither, judging by the reviews here. Worse, I can't pair the device with the app, which means I can't set the time, synchronise steps, or record the health data which is the very reason I purchased the device in the first place. Have re-set it. Have turned off and re-started the app. Have turned off and re-started the phone. Nothing works. Worst waste of money I have flushed in quite awhile.
Won't let me register on passwords help...
I cannot figure out the "captcha" registration part.
Cannot create account because Captcha won't load. It just counts down from 60 seconds without loading or displaying anything.
Can not even get app to open will never buy this again .
The app worked fine for about 4 days then the watch began working intermittently, now the only readings I get is the steps. I have sent emails but no reply. So I would not recommend this watch or company, do not waste your money!
I really wish this app registration worked. I also cannot get past the captcha. I hit the 'get' button it counts down to 0 and then the 'get' button shows up again. I cannot register because I can't get past that button. I have a samsung s9+. I tried the security suggestion, nothing has worked. Any suggestions?
Please fix the Celsius issue It won't switch to farenhight even when set It to farenhight i have the latest update and it still doesnt work please make a update to fix this
The App does not work. My phone recognizes the KoreTrak Smartwatch but the DayBand App does not want to bind to it. . And that is AFTER fighting through the Registration process. What kind of ID10Tgoes with super TINY font and does not allow you to see your password as you type it in? . OBTW, trying to find FAQs or Help are non-existent.
App won't load since update.
Pretty disappointed! Thought this was a nice band until I spent the last two weeks trying to get it to register my sleep and no matter what I do , there is no sleep being recorded..... plus I bought the extra for $30 deal for my teenager for Christmas, and he can't figure it out either which is almost unheard of!! so we're both very disappointed
I literally bought this product for the temperature feature and the app doesn't display temperature. There is no history or data points. The reviews said you could set it to auto take your temperature through out the day and the app does not do this. You have to manually take the temperature on the watch and remember it. Will this get fixed? There isn't even a section for temperature on the main daily menu.
The KoreTrak depends on this weak app. Distance tracking is useless. BP is doubtful. Sleep monitoring is way off. I returned the watch and did receive a full refund. It was a big waste of time. Support was very courteous which I appreciated.
Does not work well at all. Temp does not update, problems with time. Should be a simple app with no issues. After doing update, now I can't get into app. Keep up the great work. Geesh
DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME with this watch. Most functions do not work, not even the basic alarm.
The app is pretty dysfunctional, very difficult to sign in. The watch itself does not work very well. The heart rate appears to work fine, but the blood pressure reading usually times out before registering and the O2 results are suspect. The controls are so small that they are difficult to use quickly. It's great idea unfortunately it fails to deliver. Give it a 1 at best.
Trash
Battery only lasts 24 hours - real pain.
Doesnt work
Hate it
HORRIBLE DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT Does not work. It won't let me register but won't explain why. Am returning.
Wo gibt es eine brauchbare deutsche Bedienanleitung für DayBand?
When logging in for the first time the app would not accept my email and password. No explanation! Complaints to the app Gabe and received no answers!! There is no customer service phone number!
Weather is always the same on, it can be -20 below and it still says 32 and cloudy...
Can't even register
Poor hook up and no available path to log in. After considerable effort device did bind to phone.
Don't work piece of junk
Don't buy this it's a waste of money. I bought 3 of this garbage nothing accurate not even close blood pressure is reads too far from reality.
Doesn'tt work. Fails to register, Bood pressure. on band is always 119/60 +/- 2
Unusable
The watch will not allow you to set it up so it's a waste of money
Have had this watch 3 days, it has only worked right the first day. Now the clock runs fast and it always changes to metric measurements. I am so disappointed.
Cant load
Could not create account because the captcha would not work. Could not get bluetooth to work even though it could connect to phone. Not ready for prime time.
I will change to 5 stars when this app adds a contact feature and fixes the body temp bc there isn't anything that mentions body temp in this app, yet the instructions say otherwise! PLEASE HELP! THANK YOU SO VERY MUCH!?!
No support, catchall prevents registration of device. Resulting in no updates, no info, no tracking
Weather never up dates, sports don't track, inaccurate HR
Complete junk. I have downloaded the app which has no guidance. Apparently (as I found out from these reviews) when trying to register you must press the Captcha button, receive an email with a code and enter the code twice within 60 seconds. Even under the best conditions my emails take minutes to arrive. In other words this product is unusable. Don't buy it.
Won't work with my phone
App does not work. Fails to pair devise. Login/register is impossible!
Terrible
Cannot set time
Loved the Koretrak watch for the few days that it paired to my phone. Watch doesn't come with customer service # or support info. Tried reinstalling app, wouldn't bind again with Samsung S20. After weeks of frustration, I finally found a # on Google. After 20 mins of telling me to do everything I had tried, the tech said "it's a problem with the Dayband app and you have to wait for an update". No idea when the update is coming. Now past the 30 day warranty that doesn't come with the watch!
cannot get the O2 blood pressure or pulse function to work an register Everything else does great.sent this same message from the app an still no response on how to get the features to work an register starting to think great idea but bad design,very disappointed
Crash everytime it is opened.
rubbish
Not very happy. Sleep monitoring doesn't work, weather is incorrect and won't let me fix location. Blood pressure monitoring doesn't work. Have to do it manually. Doesn't tell me if I have a message or phone call. It basically tells me my steps and a few basic things. Hey the time is correct. Lol
Doesn't track sleep which is why i want it
Bloody shyte won't let me register
Awful. Can't register. Capctah doesn't work. Sent 2 watches and charged for them. Won't allow return
Les and others, I found that you will get a code sent to your email (not that it tells you this I just happened to have me email open on another screen and noticed it) anyway key in that 6 digit code and then you password (twice) and you should be good to go. I have no idea how good to go is going to be as my device is still charging but I hope this helps you. Cheers Sharon
Does not work
The app is no help at all. Ask for all my bio info, but the WalkerFit can't be found. I got it today via Amazon & USPS.
Horrible!
The registering to sign up process should be way easier than it is. Fill out email - tick. Captcha click GET. wait 1 min ... nothing happens and the GET button pops back up. The stupid inspirational messages float in and out -other than that nothing appears for me to type. Can't register from my phone and your website is just one big ad with no way to register there either. Fantastic, I now own a fairly useless watch with the wrong time. Thanks ... I really should have read the reviews before I bought this
Canot load any app from toy store
Might be a great app that's "if" the app would let you register. Capcha not working.
HR appears as --1 and will not update/change, BP will not update/change. Actually the reason I got this after recently joining a gym. Have reset, shut down the watch, rebooted the phone, uninstalled the app on the phone, re-installed.
Cannot read on screen Screen says captcha GET and does a 60 second countdown, registration fails with no clue how to address issue. Worst UI I have ever encountered with decades of industry experience. POS
I am stuck in a loop trying to register
I have followed all the directions, I have followed what they say in the help section. No matter what I do, the app cannot find the stupid thing, completely useless
Was told I could run it from my laptop as I have not got an ios8 -but the app does not run on the laptop. When you try to download it from the link given by Koretrak it does not open. Money out the window!
Several features stopped working after 3 days of receiving
Piss Poor Attempt, my Mom would say! The Sleep doesn't work. When I initially installed the app I got Heart Rate, BP and Sleep and not one of these updates. I have to manually do a test on the phone. Bluetooth is on, I've reset the watch and Android S9+ twice, wiped cache and removed installed the app and still doesn't work. I emailed the support in the app and there is not a valid email. "Piss Poor!"
This thing sucks,could not get it to pair with phone.Useless.buth
Won't connect to my Pixel 4.
Company gets your money, it works for a while then the app doesn't work. Looking for a better watch tracker now.
Can't register my account. Won't recognise my Gmail account
Actual BP does not match dayband BP. Casual pulse rate does not match day band pulse rate. Month and day do not update. Reliability of readings is core to this product. For track does not accurately record BP and pulse.
Wouldn't connect or sign in after the initial time
I can't get this app to sync with my band on my Android, only my iPhone, then not all the apps work in there either.
Only takes manual readings on BP. Doesn't report blood O2 at all. Supposed to be resident in the background to keep phone and watch in sync but app is too unstable. Minimal support for all but a few android devices.
Can not get ap to connect to the watch
Very poor instructions for set up
Just got the new watch and app crashes constantly. 5 stars if this was fixed
Frustrating
how do I coordinate device with Android?
Waste of money. Can't get it synchronized with my phone. Spent too long trying to do this. I wanted it because I want to keep track of my BP & heart rate. This wouldn't do either. Never had any replies to my emails. Obviously no customer service. I noticed also that if you open the box then you can't get a refund. What company says that!!!
Can't login
Not a good choice for someone 82 years old. Help is not responding.
Useless get your money back
Doesn't bind to my Android, BP isn't accurate, checked BP at doctors office & not close! I got this Koretrac to monitor BP but absolutely useless! Tried to contact Koretrac but no acknowledgement!
Hard to set up
Cannot use this app in my phone
The only thing that works is recording of steps. Nothing else! What a disappointment! I wouldnt have bought the Kore trak if I new this app was going to be so bad. I just installed the 10/25 update no change.
Sleep, heart rate, blood pressure measurements haven't been working at all since the September 22 update. It's not recording anything. Thermometer seems to work for a single measurement, but automatic periodic measurements have been broken. I want the previous version of app back - it had issues but it was better than this.
I'm not sure which, if it's the app or the gadget. Very very disappointed.
Absolute rubbish,won't pair with Motorola
Watch worked for less then one day unable to log in or find any customer service. A complete rip off.
This app will NOT connect to my Koretrak band. So it's pretty much useless.
Hubby got 3 watches for family 1 wont stay charged but a couple hrs sleep mode dont work on any of them. sad that ive had the dafit watch over a year and not one issue for a 15.00 watch. battery stayed 5-7 days and all functions worked may be going back to it figured out now that none of them stay connected the sms and call only show on occassion
Doesn't work!!!!
App is for the Kor Track (not so) smart watch. Watch is really a toy, and data it shows is not real (probably randomly generated based on averages). Sports are things like table tennis and badminton, things most Americans don't do on a regular basis. Supposedly records cycling and swimming, but cycling doesn't work and watch isn't even water resistant. My guess is the app is just a means for the Chinese gov't to gather data on Americans.
Total and utter rubbish, if you are reading this you have probably already realised that you have been duped by extremely clever advertising, you have no hope of any help and your money is down the drain.
It won't let me register. TYPICAL!!
I can not connect to the device. Uninstalled and installed many times and still not working
The app does not sync like it should.
Terrible trying for hours to log in
Not user friendly
Don't waste your money. Purchased two... Had difficulty setting up both... once running. Neither sleep tracker wirked. Customer service was useless. After reinstalling, now can't even log on to either.
Can't get it to register even with emailed code. Appears to do BP and that was main aim.
The app was working good with my watch for a few weeks then stopped updating information and have had to reinstall 3 times to get it back working. No customer service support for this. Very disappointed
Won't let me register
Cant register and today cant get into app
Very limited, not useful
THE WATCH WORKED TOTALY INACURATELY , PULSE WAS INNACURATE!! BLOOD PRESSURE WAS INACURATE!! DISTANCE WALKED WAS INACURATE AND THE WATCH QUIT TOTALY IN 2 DAYS. THE APP DOWNLOADED AND WOULD NOT ALLOW REGISTRATION AND CUSTOMER SERVICE IS NON EXISTANT!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!!!
This terrible app didn't even give me the captcha needed to register. Given that and that opening it slowed my phone down to unusable died, uninstalled it within five minutes.
Unable to register or sync the band.
Impossible to set up. Lacking clear setup instructions, and no instructions about the catch proceedure. Am sending it back. Useless.
ABSOLUTE JUNK. ON EVERY LEVEL. OPEN TOILET ~ TOSS IN MONEY. WHAT A JOKE. EXCEPT I'M NOT LAUGHING.
PJ'S. can't register this app as I can't crete a longin because it requires you to fill in a captula and there's noway to get it. 5 emails have done nothing because I get form letters back that never address this
Total waste of money. 3 was in all pulse related readings stopped (BP, HRT rate, oxy. Customer report stopped responding.
Not accurate
Awful
Body temperature function does NOT WORK! Feedback function in APP also does NOT WORK!!! Took quite a while to figure out from registration to activating other working features. But body temperature dysfunction is annoying although said to be in upgrade & bugs fixed. Anyone can help, please? Technical assistance is zero from both developer & seller. My next tracker will definitely not be Dayband.
It sucks!!! I have been waiting half an hour for the app to download.
TRIED REGISTERING. THAT'S IT. COULD NOT LOG IN.
The app keeps kicking me out and no response from IT, not happy!
It sucks big time !
Difficult to sign in and register my account. Password never activated even when I retrieved the code sent by KoreTrak to my email. Battery dies after 3 days; sleep mode does not function; after a few weeks the watch time is out of synch with my Android phone; the time face constantly reverts to other faces not if my choosing. I'm disappointed in the 4 watches I brought as Xmas gifts
Doesnt connect to LG V20
Insanely hard to make work or navigate!!!
Thought this would be a great alternative to my Fitbit that quit working after 2 years. I was wrong. Never could get the sleep mode to work. Got a very annoying alert when I walked away from my phone that I could not get rid of. Had to delete the app to make it stop. No response from the company after repeated complaints. Don't waste your money.
Not enough directions. I hate that I bought this for my husband its supposed to be a birthday present and I cant get it to work.
This app won't let me get past the set up screen. It is proving to be 100 percent useless.
Worked one day! Partly. Not all functions. Sleep timer never worked. BP & HR WON'T WORK NOW. Disgusting.
I bought 4 - one for me and each of my girls. I'm sending them back since I can't even get it to register since it won't acknowledge my email address. Therefore it won't work. VERY DISAPPOINTED!!!!
Over an hour now plus a half hour last night to just Register my KoreTrak and still unsuccessful! Very unhappy right now! C Carlsen. 11/7/2020
The temperature outside is not showing correctly. The blood pressure, pulse, and spO2 are total joke. Not even close to correct numbers.
Doesn't allow me to install my information
Works Accurately...I Require An O.S. Software Update For Dial Settings/Watch Faces, So I Can Choose Better Designed Art For The Watch. Model: Ocean. May You Please Update The Watch Faces, Thank You.
Can't figure this out
No direction cannot get it to work. Will be sending it back.
Waste of money. Very inaccurate in all measurements.
Can't get it to connect to my phone or band. And this is the app to use????
Captcha - is a major fail. Sending the numbers to your email with a GET. I'm a programmer by trade and I had no idea what the (&%&^^&) they were doing. This is not intuitive. Steps - assumption is poor, need to be able to adjust. We are old and take shorter steps. Heart Rate - 112? really! I'd be dead if I alternated from 112 to 56 as often as this displays. BP - Sometimes correct, sometimes way wrong. So close. Sometimes it is great. Hopefully it will improve. Concept is good, design is good. Now get it right. Suggestion - for sleep: Link to sleep apnea machines software.
2 watches both showing different readings when side by side on the same wrist I think it's a scam. And 3 months for delivery
I can't register on the app. I try to put in my email address and password to register, but nothing works. I can't even change the date or put in the correct time. Help me.
Tried getting heart rate, won't complete, reason; not logged in. Tried that, need to create account. Captcha problem fixed by reading some ones review. Thank you fellow disillusioned customer! Heart rate and BP not testing at all. Very disappointed in my purchase, I want my money back!
Tried to register with the app, received registration code but couldn't login to activate it.
Heart rate not accurate, blood pressure only worked once, can't get it to do it again, display is far too small, don't bother, back to a fitbit, all hype but doesn't perform, very disappointing.
It keeps sending off an alarm all hours of day and night to irritating
Cannot get logged in.
No I will not recommend this app to anyone. This is not a user friendly app. We you need help there is not a phone number to call. In trying to register on my android phone after filling in my email and password it ask for a chaptcha. It does not give me the possible words to fill in to be able to proceed. I tried to install this app on my computer and I keep getting a message that says it will install on your computer soon. I have been receiving that message for the last 24 hours. I feel in the adverting I was tricked. The visibility is small. I am truly discussed, saddened and dissatisfied. I would not recommend buying this product. It is a thumbs down and negative stars.
I am unable to download the app to my smart phone Have tried twice . It downloads to 97% and stops. Very irritating.
Doesn't accept my email so can't register to get it working. They accepted my email when I bought it, it's of no use to me so it's going in the bin.
Pairing is a nightmare. It stopped al of a sudden. Went to repair. That was joke. Followed all of their instructions. Would not bind. You could see it contact the watch. The display would come on. Played with it for an hour and it finally decided to pair. The othe downside is it collects all this data but you can't get of the phone unless you transcribe it. At least i Have not found a way. Customer support doesn't exist. Save your money
It has been a ROTTEN EXPERIENCE so far.
I cant get my KoreTrak fitband to connect to my android phone.
Temerature is always off 10 deg lower. Can't get registered or establish an account.
It stinks 45 minutes still have not been able to register
Will not hook up to my phone
Uninstslled after reading the privacy policy. Don't understand what my contacts, email addresses, location and personal photos have to do with blood pressure.
Inaccurate traking, missing key workout components.
What the hell is a captcha
Horrible instructions. Like none.. How do you set time and date..
Does not count steps accurately or number of times sleep is interrupted
How can I install this thing, I click captcha and it doesn't do anything, what I'm supposed to do with the captcha, I need to use my new watch or will need to return it and can't even create the account!!
Actually you get a 0 star rating. I tried to register. I submitted email and password. Pressed register and nothing happens. I pressed the Captcha button (whatever that is???) and watched it countdown to zero and then pressed register. Nothing. I tried pressing register while Captcha was counting down. Nothing. No information or instructions.
Does not work
Extremely disappointed. Product stopped working less than 2 months.
How the hell are you supposed to copy the captcha. Also why does everything have to do with the asian metric system, where the hell is the british metric system which is the one we use in the USA
Can't sync my phone with the app....kinda makes it useless! Followed setup instructions to the letter, but still didn't work. Tried uninstalling
Seemed like a good product until it stopped working just after the warranty period 🤬 Which is only 30 days
App offers no help on how to sign in. What the heck is "Captcha - GET". Trying to start up a tracker. Was directed here but does not seem to have any affiliation with the product I have. Waste of time. Don't bother downloading. More problematic that it's worth which is free.
Too bloody nosey
I signed up in the app now it won't even open
Trying to put info in to register keeps putting x against my email of which I know is right getting frustrated and more than p..... off
No answer. Yep all bp o2 readings are not accurate. How do I control sleep function? Doesnt work at all. Also the bp and O2 doesnt seem accurate
Nothing good about this up The blood presure and the sleeping records are always thr same..day after day.
Keeps crashing!
Terrible Impossible to setup. Can't even get the right time.
Hard to use
The app is a joke, which is too bad because I like the watch. It's impossible to fully utilize the device the way it was intended to be used because tbe app for Androids is basically useless. What a shame it is to render a purchased device mostly non-usable because the company can't make the app user friendly.
Not keeping time. NO instructions a to fix accompanied watch
Blood pressure is not accurate at all. Top number is always between 119 up to 124 and bottom number never goes over 34. Had to purchase another watch that uses Mecare app to be very accurate.
Bad
Will not track sleep.....wish I just got a full on smart watch rather then this garbage......step counter is off by 10000 steps a day as well as it counts wile driving
The heart rate continual does not work. The sleep monitor is always wrong. You can not get it to sync to the correct time of sleep start and you have no control over it it's useless. Im so sorry i bought this band that requires me to use this useless app. This is a followup. This is the worst. After finally going to the Drs. the bloodpressure is so far off from the pressure in the office this was just a waste of my money. The temp was off blood oxygen off no true readings 😡😡😡
Don't buy made in China. This stuff, the watch and app are likely poor clones of Fitbit and Applewatch IP. Trash don't buy. No customer service. Again when you pay low especially from China you get cheap and that ripped off feeling because you are.
Painful, just want to set the clock, it keeps losing time, 25 since I have the watch. Can't fic
Got it to work on one cell phone but not the other
The weather is not accurate. Location is! How do i fix this??
I cant set the watch this app tells me nothing on how to start i dont know what to do. Im not tech savvy so i need to see what to do like abc's
This app is absolutely useless I can not register it I am 73 and supposedly the target group for this app as others have said I can not get past the captcha hopeless wast of time and money.
Blood pressure inaccurate
Thank goodness I didn't pay for this watch. I have been unable to get the watch to sync to two phones. You can't put the app on a laptop. I only need it to count my steps for a work contest. But since I can't get it to sync, the time is wrong. Worried it will wipe my step count mid day. It will go in the garbage after the contest ends if it makes it that long.
Cant get registered. Cant change to correct time. Extra hard to get the connection. Need better instructions and a help line!!
Can't change time on watch and your app won't let me log in without something called 'get', also says I haven't registered an account but I know I have it's absolutely useless to me might just buy a different watch and reregister with someone else I'm not happy
Absolutely lost! Had fun understanding captcha but got it eventually. Now dont have correct time and am stuck with trying to undertand what is needed to get it to work. Help..who can I talk to?
It can not be used to play music in your phone and it doesn't monitor sleep.
Unable to use with korerak watch . Unless
Installation doesn't work. Bad app. No good.
Sleep monitoring does not work. Blood pressure and heart rate monitor is way off. Readings always in the 120s/70s with a heart rate over 80 but actual bp is 178/90 with a 56 heart rate.
The device itself gets relatively good reviews. However this app sucks. The sleep function doesn't work at all, and neither do several of the others. Basically worthless. Very disappointed, not surprised.
Unable, unable, unable Been trying to pair watch and 'phone xxxxx
Koretrak is worthless to me. I just spent over $100 to throw something in the trash.
Some of the watch worked for one day and now nothing works! I've installed, ... reinstalled.... God I'm tired of paying for junk!
Unable to download after several attempts!
Horrible and inaccurate information. Sleep hours is off.
Heart + BP readings won't take because timers don't advance beyond 15 seconds. Weather reads in Celsius eventhough I set it to Fahrenheit. Only time + Steps are functional after 5 days of attempting to use.
I have tried over and over to register. I can never get a Captcha to register. I would strongly recommend for anyone to find another app to support your watch!!
Fake BP reading, which is sad. Like the other reviews it is always 120/70. HR works.The app needs alot of work. No google fit support? The watch is nice but it should work as represented.
App & watch are c--p. Don't order and if you did order, return !!!
It is like a loop and for a novice, having a "Captcha" required is a frustration to say the least. I have spent too much time to accomplish little and it still isn't paired with my phone. Unfortunately I regret purchasing them for myself and Christmas gifts. In my opinion, the app needs to redesigned to be more user friendly.
You have to have a cell phone for each tracker. I tried to make 2 accounts but it only follows 1 watch on both. I wish the had an online app for this like for bit does. Not happy with them at all. I wish I had put the money I spent on these towards 2 fitbits. Easy to use. These are not.
Dreadful couldn't registered the directions were hopeless in fact a total waste of money. I was going to use it as a replacement for a cheaper one bought sometime ago but I just couldn't get the app to download so I have reverted back to my cheap one which whistles and bells at least works.
App updated. Can't get logged in now. Bad setup screens and info.
Worked for about a week, then no sleep status nor blood pressure etc impossible to sync watch with Dayband app Totally rubbish watch and app . Save your money and buy a decent watch that connects to your app.
Randomly disconnects and won't let you sign back in. How many times will you have to use "lost password" to get back in, only to find your previous data truncated or entirely missing? All the time, it appears. The associated HW promises much, and sorta delivers, though the battery life will quickly reduce to about 20 hours. The monitors (heart, blood pressure, temperature, O2) are cleverly done, but are variable in response and only somewhat accurate. If it worked, it would be awesome.
Good so far except there is no way to change the date format. For instance for 10/7/20 for October 7 the format is 07/10/20. Very confusing. Need a way to change it. And make the blood pressure and heart rate more accurate. Top number of blood pressure never goes above 123. Outside temperature is WAY off. App does not keep track of body temperature and blood oxygen.
Doesntwork
Cannot get pedometer, calories, sleep functions to work. Can anyone offer advice?
It is a waste of money. I agree with the people who warn others not buy this product. I wasted my money. Nothing works .Terrible app , no help at all and not enough instructions.
This watch is a typical el cheapo made chinese govt tracker. No function is accurate, nor adjustable . I have a pacemaker/ defibrillator set for pulse range 65-75. The watch says 95. My smart phone shows hi data usage on this APP while I sit at my computer, how come? Watch can't keep time accurately. It lost 6 minutes in a 2 day period. I tapped the screen repeatedly to get a clearer time image, the steps I had previously went up 20, just by my tapping on lower edge of the screen, IAW instructions. Don't buy, its junk
Instructions are not adequate.
useless
Does not work
Cant get it to work Pos so far Wont give me code anywhere Useless. I'd give you zero of i could People don't waste your hard earned money on this garbage device. Once you open box your screwed and you will not get your money back . Don't buy it
My order failed to include the lifetime warranty even though I checked the box. I called immediately asking that it be included but was told the order had already shipped - more than a week later I got a confirmation that it had just shipped. Love the extra features - just wish the watch/tracker would stay paired with my phone and it would sync without having to reload the app.
Fix your app! You can't even sign in or register a new account.
Can't get message phone calls nothing. Really dissatisfied.
Can't register email account, I don't have faith in the readings, maybe I will gift to someone then they can be unhappy. What a total waste of time and money,
The worse app possible. Been trying for 3 hours just to connect...and still no luck
Having oroblems registering. No instructions
The app doesn't work.. You get 30 days to return this product, but it has to go back to the exact place it was delivered from. They won't answer emails, burning thru the 30 days. Say goodbye to your $$
So far it has been a bust. unable to register on the app and could not open after I finally did get it registered. I will review more if I ever get the chance to use it probably would not recommend it at this point. It also took way too long for it to finally arrive .
Cannot access cannot set up
Bad it comes asking me for location after i turn the location on still asks for it this app sucks if you fix that problem then thank uou if you dont you will continue to see such rates Ayesiga Shadrach ok men and women of this app stay safe from covid 19 bye bye
Horrible, disaster, catastrophic
I have not been able to connect to my phone. I am not able to change the date and time. Not happy, so far. Waiting for help from Customer service
This is horrible to get set
I can't get past my password confirmation. I have a Samsung Galax phone. All the icons work on the smart Bracelet but I can not get it registered . any help???Can anyone help. WILL rerate if I can register
Captcha button does not work on Galaxy S9+ so can't login.
While the KoreTrak is supposedly synched with this app, neither date nor time shows correctly...it shows info from 1/2019 even though it is currently 11/2020. Other functions not working either. Useless and waste of time and $.
Cannot register. I can't register nor find any CAPTCHA screen. If I can't register, I can't use my band to it's full potential. Please help.
I'm sending this back it does not do anything that it's supposed to do I switched the clock to the numbers but it switches to the hands I can't see and the #s i can read
Instructions extremely inadequate. I can't even set the time.
Wanted to monitor BP, temp and o2 levels. Can't set up this part of function.
Very hard to set up. No tech support. No way to compare calories burned vs calories consumed. Can't link to lose it, or map my fitness.
It sucks can not connect
Cannot register on ap??
Way off on my sleep time and quit giving me a readout on continuous heart rate measure.
Not sure if it is day and but DO NOT buy a koretrak watch. No customer service, no instructions that are comprehensible, and my phone would not recognize it even though it was right there.
Doesnt work well no clear directiond
I cant record sleep quality. Support smartwatch not to all training. Run and walking not sync between smart watch and apps on the phone.
Asks for captcha in order to register does not provide one. Worthless
App keep crashing
Cannot register - unable to satuisfy Captcha code so cannot use mobile phone with koretrak. All email contacts were returned by daemon
ZERO RATING! By far the worst app I've ever tried to use. Cant even create a login to register. After entering info nothing happens. Definitely will return the product.
Can't get set up using Sony xperia XA1 Android 8 as the device list is empty.
I'd give no stars if that were an option. It wouldn't even let me register on the app. Save your money & buy a smart watch with a proven track record. I wish I had.
It won't sync to my phone anymore. It falls behind on the time if I don't sync it daily, but now it won't work. I've restarted my phone, the watch, and uninstalled and reinstalled the app and nothing works. I haven't even had it a full year yet
I love it but - Cant get the alarm to work, no idea how to get help.
Nothing shows up that the manual said would be displayed.
It won't accept any email I have!
Can not log onto app on smartphone
Unable to bind band to app...
Have been waiting for koretrack to reply to me on problems I have with the tracker sent a generic email saying that I had a number and they would get back to me. Poor customer service! Watch doesn't do what they advertise.
The blood pressure and heart rate monitors don't work. I can't log on the app chat. Or whatever it is. Very sad I purchased this contraption.
horrible in every way! no accurate "readouts on any of the categories(Bp, Heart rateBlood Oxygen level et al
The thing I care about most, Sleep tracking, doesn't work.
Sleep track incorrect by far. has been cutting off at 945 but last night cut off at 415am! Returning this and for one with an app that works.
After the latest update, the app and watch dont show the same numbers. Says it synced but the app is showing 0 steps but the watch is showing 11,000.
Don't waste your money on this piece of junk
Sleep Monitor not working? No response.
This app is not accessable with captcha the watch is junk. Total waste of money.
I wound give it half a star if I could the app doesn't work for koretrak and it's suppose to be the official app for it wont take blood pressure or heart rate and the oxygen level thats on the watch isn't even an option on the app don't buy kortrak it is a scam took 1 month to get here and it doesn't even work don't waste your money even if they offer a discount like they offered me so I paid 50 its not worth it and I got it from the official website what a joke
Catchall? No explanation. Terrible Chinese app, poor customer service!
No response from them on failure's and some things don't work at all
Cannot connect per instructions
Does not read heart rate or blood pressure or oxygen. Worked 3 days and stopped. Tells time,steps and calories burnt.
Use knowan email and can't get into the app useless
I it won't monitor my blood pressure and my heart rate
Keep on crashing
Have been unable to register on the DayBand app. It keeps rejecting my email.
I want to like the app, but two things: I am not able to register because I cannot find the captcha/none being displayed and I am not being emailed one. Also, even though the settings are set to "British" vs metric, home screen still shows temperature in Celsius. They are little things, but make the app much more frustrating than it is useful.
My day band wont bind to have it connected.
Dont get shortcut for desktop.
Can't even get it to download, keeps showing "something went wrong on our end, try again ".
Cannot register on my android so cannot set clock or use the capacity of this app. Also the code that was sent has no place to enter the code. Better to spend more money and get something that works and has an accessible customer service department
This app sucks. Cannot register so it is totally goddamned useless
Does not work!
Sleep record is not working
I am having problems keeping my watch sync with my phone.
Junk will not link to your phone
I can't get it to pair, I can't get any features to work, I can't change the settings on the band which are wrong..epic fail ...should have known and spent more money
The Koretral watch is so bad and the app. I have asked for a refund.
Very hard to set up.
A Watch Without A Stem No way to set the time. No way to sign into the app. How I wish I bought a TIMEX.
This is the worst fitness app ever!!! Never been so frustrated 😡
Cant get it to register my email so I can login😬
Cannot register no contact info with mfg
Very poor nothing works except clock
Doesn't track sleep
Cannot connect to my phone with koretrak
The first day I received KoreTrack was the best day. After that it was all downhill. It records incorrect reading for pretty much all setting, doesn't keep its charge long even after a whole night of charging. BIG DISAPPOINTMENT. I'm glad I didn't spend much on it.
Not binding Instructions not accurate
This is a terrible app, it won't let me register, therefore it is totally useless. Can't access the Captcha.
I have downloaded the app for my Android (Samsung J7) phone, and have tried dozens of times to register the account so that I can use my new Kore Trak watch. This is most frustrating. I have the same problem many are having with the GET Captcha button. Pressing it starts a 60 second countdown timer, which times out and "no captcha". Look in your email Spam folder and if you have some, mark them to remove from spam. I never put them in there myself, an automated email filter did it.
Pity I had to rate this at all. Rubbish app, cannot register it. Useless...
Too buggy, notifications disabled but it keeps beeping
Not working
Wish I'd put a little more money into a known product. This thing might do as advertised if you can get it set up. I've been trying for 3 days. And the worst is you can't get a refund. I think it's a scam.
Owned by China who is not trustworthy. Am goung to delete app and discard my new smart watch.
Most frustrating ....Not able to log in , or even register to log in. Bad choice in purchase.
Just received this watch. Trying to register on app but after putting user name in you come to 'capture '. Who knows what that is. People on reviews say you will get a number sent to your email to put on that line. Still waiting for number. Watch to me is a pile of junk and utter waste of money. Wish I had read true reviews first rather than made up ones. DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY. 3 days later I have managed to get the captcha number. Told now registered. It will still not let me in. RUBBISH.
Sleep tracking does not work. It recorded light sleep at the same time I manually ran the heart and blood pressure functions. It's really hard to push the buttons while I'm sleeping. I don't believe the blood pressure or heart rate functions are accurate either. I would only trust the step counter.
After app updates I can't log into my account. Get nothing but the slow wheel of death! My husband can't log into his account either. Weather/temperature is never right. Blood pressure is wrong.
It can't find my phone even though it's a regular everyday Android.
Not accurate.
Do not buy this product. Only the step counter works since first charge and company offered me 20% off so I could use some of its features. I'd like a refund, please. I'm sure I'm approaching 30 days so please provide details on how to return for refund on watch and extra bands.
Most readings are always the same , day after day. Time is not accurate BP stays the same in most cases.etc. etc. It could be great if they got it working properly.i was going to buy one for my wife but no way, not ever.
Finally installed but no app for oxygen and no way to change time from military time. Please reply
this app makes it almost impossible to get a login. I use a known email to get verification number ant it does not recognize it. The worst part is I used this email the fist time I set up a login for the app. It did not recognize the original password which i wrote down just in case.
Piece of junk. I guess it's true. You get what you pay for.
Not Happy with this product I bought it for my uncle and he doesn't own a smart phone so thought we can connect it to a tablet but can't. So now going to get him another kind. When I bought it it told me it was good for seniors but that is false.
Doesn't do the one thing it's supposed to. I got this app because it is THE ONLY way to connect to a koretrak watch. It doesn't even do that right. Refuses to connect to the watch. Keeps telling me to move the watch closer, but when you set the watch on top of the screen after the 50th time you've tried to get it to sync and it tells you to move it closer, your app is trash. Do not waste your time with this app or any koretrak products.
It doesn't monitor sleep or O2. The BP reading is way out. It said that I did 200 steps while I was having a nap.
Can't register the app can anyone help. Thanks Jonathan Ritchie. Does anyone if there is a helpline in the U.K.?
This app makes me think it was written by someone that knows how to make something pretty but the finer points of function escape them. The location aspect that it pulls weather from is atrocious. It seems to take the city name, look it up somewhere and report that. The city by the same name it thinks I'm in has to be much, much further North than I am. It's been well below freezing there but here it's been above 50. Wife has the same thing, it does the same to her. Fix that and the sign on, ok.
Total garbage, much like the device itself. My misfit that was 12.99 is 10 times better and more accurate. I did 50 pushups with no change to blood pressure and the heart monitor is off by as much as 25 beats side by side with my wahoo tickr. The app sign in does not work due to a captcha issue, it uses an absurd amount of battery. The English is terrible, ffs it's not that hard to find an English speaking tech writer on earth folks. Everything about this thing sucks
Bloody awful to set up very poor app. Don't get the watch.
Horrible I haven't been able to open app since I got it, I just gey the buffering wheel spinning and spinning and spinning never opened.
I feel like we were duped with first false advertising for the qualities of this watch! Why is there no support? With technology today, why all these problems?? PLEASE STAND BEHIND YOUR PRODUCT AND FIX THESE KNOWN ISSUES OR TAKE YOUR PRODUCT OFF THE SHELF!! PLEASE!!
This app is a waste of time nothing works properly.
Cannot set time, cannot find auto set so time is incorrect. Most other things working. Also date is wrong and cannot fix any of it.
Doesn't track sleep and the other things seem to be close but not always accurate. Not the best.
Took ages to come. Have been unable to set up an a account. Don't know what capticha is. Can't get sleep data too work.
Im a truck driver who works nights. Just got the watch yesterday. I slept during the day and it didn't recognize me sleeping. I just got home from work after a 12 hour shift and most of the time I was driving it showed me as sleeping. So I guess it assumes everyone sleeps during a certain time frame and if your not moving much during that time then you must be sleeping. The weather was accurate all night but now says it's 55 and raining when it's 31 and sunny.
How the hell do u register...? I'm gonna give up
What are the requirements for password?
Terrible cannot sync with phone. Unuseable
I don't know how to even get the app to open I registered put in my details all it does is tell me I am wrong to me it's all a waste of time
Replacement not working. Original not working -- that's why i needed a replacement.
I don't like it.. too hard to get it to down load to my phone, doesn't like my password.. ready to throw it out..
Cannot connect with LG phone
It have viruses do *not install it*
Impossible to get working. Useless piece of junk. Use the band without the app to avoid problems. Was not able to sign in in the app. EVER!
Garbage does not function
If I could score lower than a one star, I would. I got thus watch solely for the blood pressure monitor. When I first got it I checked the watch blood pressure meter against my home monitor (arm kit) & it seemed to be close. I checked the watch daily & the average was around 120/73 (a weeks time) Well one day I was feeling a little dizzy so I checked my watch & it said 123/76 so I checked it against my home monitor & the reading was 153/95.
Pair app with koretrak watch
Don't work
I have read a lot of reviews telling people not to buy this item. I agree !! But for diffent reason. I found out they do NOT honor their return policy. So save your money and a lot of headaches.
The advertisement says Get a Better Sleep – The KoreTrak app tracks your sleep pattern so you can get a better night’s rest and feel more refreshed in the morning. After 7 days according to the app I have not had any sleep.
Awful
Not helpful at all I'll probably have to go to the Verizon store and get some help
Why would you design an app you can not sign up with?
I purchased Kore Track months ago. At first app and watch worked well.Then options didn't work anymore. Contacted support who tried to help, it got worse. Presently I have incorrect time of day and can count my steps. Since I had been working with support over several months I gave up and asked to return my Kore Track. I was not happy when my request was denied eventhough we had an ongoing dialog. My advice - if it doesn't work return immediately! Can't trust them to make good.
These idiots are worthless! Can't log in but when I try to restart with some info it says account already exists. Plus there is no where to find help to fix it! Horrible app
Somebody that knows what they're doing needs to fix this app!!!!!!
App doesn't work properly. Not even the display works. But a $5 digital watch instead. Complete waste of money. Apparently, others have made similar complaints. No attempt to rectify common problems. Don't buy.
Confusing connection procedure, blood pressure is a waste of time, sleep time doesn't work at all
BS
Still cant get mine to pair to my phone after 20 or so times i said F%/* IT and tossed it in the garbage back to my Samsung and Fitbit i go!!!
Looks like I just joined that ever unpopular, "I got took club". Only great thing I can say is that it arrived less that two weeks after I ordered it. I guess it was to soften that blow of frustration in trying trying to set this thing up. Guess I will let my daughter have a try at it.
Very hard to use can't set time hard to understand when you long press more to enter menu bluetooh comes up
To hard to set up. Very difficult to use.band keeps coming apart. Don't waste your money.
Dosent work . Tells time and counts steps . Rest don't work tried a reset . Ended up getting a refund after some discussion obviously they know a lot of these have faults.
Cannot get it set to correct day and time. Will not connect to my Android. It is synched but that is where everything stops. Very unhappy. Anyone know how to return them?
Lack of instructions and the sleep function never worked. Also not all functions update on my phone. Don't waste your money or time with Dayband.
It doesn't work like I expected it to. Can't change the time or date and it is hard to read
I've been getting an annoyingly loud alert jingle every 15 min to an hour. I turned off all notificationsand turn on do not disturb in the app settings and also on my phone but the jingle continued. I had to turn off the phone completely to go to sleep. I can't get any data from the Kore Trak watch because I have to turn off my phone at night. The watch seemed promising but its app stinks.
Hard to log in
One item unable to get to function
Can't fight my way through captcha to even be able to register
Won't connect to my phone.
Keeps telling me and my husband our blood pressure is that of a teenager. He takes 4 BP meds and I take 1 an our bps are never normal. Heart rates are excellent and our sp02 is 90. No sleep information either. This is a joke.
No matter how many times I Uninstalled and reinstalled I could not register using my email address. It consistently said that my email or password was incorrect and would not let me log in.
Beem trying to set this up for hours and still can't get it to work. Waste of money!
Can not login or open app. Is the watch Kore Trak, Day Band or something else? Developer website doesn't open. 404 error
Not letting me open the app.
P.O.S. Impossible to register on my Samsung Android. I'd give it zero stars if I could.
No comment no good.
This is not the watch I ordered!!!!! I ordered the Silent Alarm to alert me of sudden change in my vitals. The sleep monitor does not work at all and the oxygen saturation is not accurate, I can't find a way to contact this company. I Am vary unsatisfied and wish to return this item!
The battery will not charge. Have not had for very long and see that this seems to be a problem judging by other reviews. Have never had a reply from email. Be careful if you think of buying one.
It sucks, after 2 hrs. My watch still doesn't work. Can't even change the time. Going to send watch back.
Sleep element diesnt work, steps keep getting cancelled on my wrist band, pulse measure is dubious and blood pressure completely unreliable/unbelievable. There are much better products out there, suggest you look for one.
Cant figure out how to set up app for mep
If you would fix the App so it works it would sure be helpful. The app is just junk.
Unable to bind bracelet with my phone.
Very bad fi any senior citizens
Worst App ever.
Sucks. Waste of money.
I program computers, but attempting to use this app damn near drove me out of my mind. Started out entering email address & a password w/no problems. Attempted opening the app, but couldn't. Then noticed the "get" & after reading various reviews, clicked the "get" & waited for the code to arrive in my email. Nothing. Tried 4 more times, still no mail. Finally decided trying to get it up & running isn't worth the effort.
Inconsistent readings
The Koretrak fitness watch is terrible! It won't show correct time. Readings are not accurate? I bought two, wishing now that I would have invested the money in a higher rated fitness watch. I tried to find help on how to set time and date. Found out most people were unhappy with Koretrak. Throwing both away......
Disturbimg sleep. Sczry. Robotic.
Absolutely useless. Unable to connect. The app is impossible to follow. After many days and hours of trying to connect, I gave up. Waste of money.
Gimme a break! Serious lack of instruction and what instruction there was was incorrect. After a couple of hours of hair pulling frustration I finally figured it out. Now I'll see how the watch works. I'm not holding my breath.
Cannot get it to work. Needs a lot of improvement.
can anyone with an android tell me where this device page click BIND BRACELET in step two is?
This app is gruesome. Hard to set up, have no idea who the developers were but they need training in Just basic IT. Contacted the company who have ASSURED me that they have fixed all the bugs, dubious, but hopefully they have.
The app doesn't appear to sync automatically. The only way I have managed to get data from korehealth watch to phone is to restart phone then open app. I think I'd avoid both korehealth watch and this app.
I bought 3 of these. One for me, one for my wife and one for my daughter, My wife and daughter can't use them because they are too big for their wrists. I've been using one for a couple of weeks now and am a bit disappointed. If i ask for either a BP or Pulse rate and the watch is not on my wrist (cause it's being charged or just sitting on my desk) it still tells me a pulse rate or blood pressure. How can that be??? Also the watch told me today that there was an update available. The English was a bit broken (word missing) and the second screen was in ,.... Japanese or Chinese - I can't read either!!
I have been unable to register account. contacted company and was told this is a known problem which had been escalated already. I should keep on trying to see if the fix has been applied. !?! The watch did sync to the app. Records some but not all steps. Watch says 10k app says 4k. I did not expect the watch to 100% accurate on blood pressure and heart rate, did think a ball park figure would be near correct. As someone who has high BP and bradycardia surprised to see constant normal reading
The sleep widget doesn't work! Fix it and while your at it look at your competitors to see how to do it right!!!!!!!
Almost useless. Can't sign in because capcha doesn't work.
It will not take my email address
Can't get the system to work after doing the upgrade. Does it recognize me
I can't even get the app to do anything. It won't load, take my info, and is in metric, which appears unable to change. I will not be using this and returning my band unless this is addressed asap.
Can't even get past the sign in. It just demands a captcha but doesn't give me any image or audio or anything to type
Im having problems and several attempts resetting password fail. What is this f.....n captcha doing? Preventing re-registering when told acc. Does not exist. Why not make things easy? Even banks easier. Stuffed your dayband app.
Very difficult to set up. May have to return.
Not very informative when trying to register product.
Will not keep accurate time, blood pressure same on wrist as off wrist, will not track slow walking. Oxygen not accurate in comparison to true oxygen meter. Kind of a worthless watch.
Won't connect to watch.
Can't get it to open Not happy!
Dose not work.
Can't pair can't get captcha junk
Absolutely terrible, can't even open the damn thing!
Doesnt work refuses to conect
Won't let me set it up
Watch worked 1 day only. No support. No contact numbers
Have tried everything under the sun to get the weather part to work. And the sleep pattern part to work. Neither works no matter what I do. My friend bought one and has the exact same issues as I do. If everything worked it would have everything I could want in a tracker. Don't waste your money.
Sorry I bought this watch. Still in my 30 days to send back, but unfortunately my COPD kicked me and I am home bound. Trying to send back. We all should worn on Facebook and Twitter ,DONT BUY FROM KORE TRACT. starting now
I haven't been able to log into the app for weeks. I uninstalled and reinstalled. If you aren't connected to your phone the watch doesn't run right.
DO NOT waste your time with this app I went for a walk yesterday it stopped tracking my steps for 45 minutes halfway through my walk so it doesn't show my full amount of steps or distance walked this hapoens when I run too.
I like it but the weather don't work it could be 32 degree and it sunny and 60 degree at night
To many complaints to list. Very disappointed in the product.
Its frustrating. Clock keeps changing from digital and I can't get the watch to light up and come on except when I am sleeping. Therefore I never wear it to bed.
I am another person asking for a full refund. As with others who have done the same the product is not what i expected. The recipes are complex and difficult to make. how will you process my refund?. Your reply was to Christa,my name is Michele
SUCKS! Did NOT need this app and it will NOT give me a refund! Questions suggested I had prediabetes, so bought the app. Then, went to the doctor and blood glucose test results were that NO diabetic precautions need to be taken. No signs of diabetes reactions in my blood. This company tried to mess with MY HEALTH and that is UNACCEPTABLE PRACTICES. NO company should address a person's health as if there is something wrong when there isn't and then to not return money that is unnecessarily spent
Signing up for this tbey give you very little information to make an informed decision. I am disappointed in this program. All the recipes I have access to are keto and gluten free. Not what I looking for and not realistic in the real world. I am deleting the app and will go back to what I was doing before
I would like a full refund. This app is not at all what I thought it would be.
I'm in the same boat as Yvonne Jones, I cannot personalise the app at all - cannot enter my HBA1C, have had poor response from helpline - they claim to offer only 50% refund... this is unsatisfactory.
I'm having the same water issue and I hate those meals. I don't eat that kind of food. I want to add my own meals, staying in the calorie limits. I'm done, I'd like my money back.
I would not recommend this app for anyone not happy with it at all very complicated --did not understand that I would need to follow on my phone --want a refund !! Will contact PayPal for refund
Did not like this at all. Not user friendly. Not American made. They do not accept email messages when help was asked for nor do they respond to any emails. This app is not what was described. Very expensive and very disappointed.
I can not login, by changing my password, it wont let me do it! Frustrated. I purchased the program on Dec. 26th, 2020 and today is December 30th. It sounded like a cool program. But at this point I am done! Please refund all of my money immediately. I will be going back to the friendly easy app of Noom! Please do the refund!
I would like to warn those who are thinking about signing up to really evaluate their option before doing so. This Program is only in app form, you are not allowed to make changes to the Non-Personalized meal plan. They will offer you a 50% refund even when being asked for a refund within the first day. They will send you email after email telling you to try it again and "if you want a refund just let us know" I have asked for it and I am now on a week-long email chain of refusal. This Company and Product is 100% deceptive. I signed up after seeing an ad on Facebook. Containing meals made with normal household ingredients. Sadly, I found that much like many others that the Nutrition, Meals section is automatically generated with exotic ingredients not available to me. I generated a shopping list, and it would have raised my weekly grocery bill by 300% While signing up I did not find out it was only an app until I had paid, and they gave me my information to log in. In less than 24 hours I asked for a Refund. It took 4 days to get my first response telling me to just try it again. Telling them that the meal plan did not work for me I was told to change the meal. I tried that and all it does is change the meal to an Auto-Generated recipe that does not work for me. Making the app useless. I again asked for a refund and as of right now I am told to "try it again" So with each email I am told they can refund my money but then they leave it with “you tell us what you want to do” I have told them and that is I want a refund. I am trying to find this company on the BBB to make a formal complaint. I will be updating this soon! UPDATE ---- 11/27/2020 After finally getting a reply by direct message on Facebook, my 7-day email trip is over. They graciously gave me back 50% of what I paid. Keep in mind I never used the product after looking at the app and did request a refund within 24 hours. I'm not sure what they did to deserve 33.00 bucks but half is better than nothing. I see many reviews being flagged by this company, makes me wonder if they are removing legit bad reviews. If needed I will gladly forward my Chain Email from Cindy to Google. In the end, I would not recommend anyone use this service, there is a reason they do not offer a free trial. They have an incredible amount of pressured up-sales. You even have to pay 5.00 USD extra a month just to be part of the community. Just joining was 70.00$ Stay away, many free apps offer the same service with more user ability.
Can not cancel Doesn't help at all
Why Can't I set this up on my laptop?? I do not use my mobile phone for anything except making voice calls or texting with my family only! Please refund my purchase. I Uninstalled the App from my phone already for the above mentioned reasons. If you do not have desktop or laptop downloadable versions, please refund me.. or at least Unsubscribe from further billing. Thank you
After just a few days of using their recipes, my blood glucose was higher than its ever been. The recipes are difficult, with many ingredients I have never used. You are not able to enter steps if you use a different device like Fitbit.
I would like a complete refund. By no means is this app what it appears to be. The meal are difficult. How do I go about getting a refund. I might as well go back to weight watchers. I am totally dissatisfied. Thank you.
No ability to create own meal; unrealistically limiting.
Horrible food choices. Not personalizable at all. Will not give a full refund.
I'm very disappointed! I feel the same way as Sharon. The meals are hard to make and not what I expected. I tried to reach out to customer service, but I haven't received any reply. Soooooo disappointed. Save your money.
So many better apps out there. Menus aren't very configurable, doesn't allow input of what you actually ate, data entry is cumbersome. This app is from an app company, not a health source, and it's obvious that their primary motive is to get money vs grow a client base. Choose better!
Very disappointing....not what I expected and a little difficult to maneuver....no help available!! Will not purchase ever again!
After you pay, before leaving site, you are offered products to purchase that make program work. More than one product. This is a SCAM to suck you in to buying additional products. Preying on an illness to get your money.
Cannot sign into my account to manage it. Meals are heavy with high carb ingredients and no option to modify. Am waiting to hear back from the company but really just want to cancel my membership!
Can't access meal plan. Says "Oops something went wrong.". Got a msg saying my meal plan was ready after waiting 24 hours, then when I accessed, says it will be ready in 24 hours unless I pay another $5.
Cannot find ingredients in recipes. I have tried twice to cancel. No one responded.
Absolute rubbish
You complicated
Paid for it and can't open app. Want my money back.
I just signed up and changed my mind and there is no way to cancel subscription and get a refund...the company will only refund 50% claiming that is the company policy for cancelling a subscription...but they don't post this info before you sign up!
I have tried to cancel and get a refund but no one replies to my emails. I want to add my own food items.,not use theirs. I'm not going out to buy all these ingredients that I don't eat. There should be a way to track your own food.
I entered my payment information in order to see the food plan recommended. When I saw it I realized those foods would not be easily accessible and I wrote and cancelled my subscription within 48 hours. I deleted the app from my devices and now I'm told I'm not entitled to a refund because I didn't 'specifically' ask for one. Common sense would say that if you cancel a service before even using it you should be entitled to a full refund. That's $66 for zero benefit. Beware.
This program is too complicated, not easy to use. I should have read other reviews before I paid. I've asked for a refund by email. There is no other way to contact them. I received one initial response, a form letter, then nothing. The most I can do is write this review and save others from making the same mistake!
I want full refund as well. The app is difficult to use and the recipient are complex and expensive to make
Want refund keeps changing my account each day
I'd like a full refund. The menus and recipes are difficult and time consuming. One does not know this until one pays for a subscription. There isn't any guidance on how to not spike your sugar or what foods, in general, should be consumed or even how to put a meal together. I expected guidance. I also expected to be able to document the meals I am actually eating, which you aren't able to do. It's expensive when you are not able to fully use an app. During these times, being taken advantage of in this way is just too much. You are suppose to be helping people who have chronic medical condition. PLEASE ISSUE A FULL REFUND.
Waste of time and definitely money. Received all kinds of ads that sold a lot of schemes to lose weight, chew nicotine gum to lose weight, eat baby aspirin three times a day...from an underground book that supposedly been banned yet the want you to pay $37 for it. Never could understand the app, many better choices out there. Beware.
So I purchased the app?!!!! Not what it stated!!!! It stated monthly meals plans with recipes and grocery list. Very misleading!!! I want a full refund!!!
Can't even log into my own account that was made for me as a gift. I've written in and got nothing back from support...so this has become stupid and will likely have this cancelled pretty damn quick.
not at all what I expected. refund requested
A Scam. See Jan M. I downloaded. And saw what she was saying. I had not seen her review until now. I downloaded, got my plan, and almost immediately are saying i can only get 1/2 of my money accusing me of printing which i did not, downloading to other devices which i did not. They downloaded my plan after paypal contact was not possible on weekend. DO NOT buy. Next is everwhere they have ads. I will get my money from this scam. Think about it 1/2 of 66 x number of peeps they SCAM BEWARE
Stay away from this app totally useless a con. Waste of money they are not diabetic professionals and do not care at all. You are much better off looking into diet plans free online and better diabetic apps STAY AWAY. The support given was even worst.
Does not work. Complete ripoff.
This is terrible. The foods are complicated and some are very high calorie. The recipes are confusing and some ingredients are detrimental to managing medical conditions . I want a total refund. A legitimate program offers at least a 7 day trial with options of canceling. There is something shady going on here. I HAVE ASKED TO HAVE MY SUBSCRIPTION CANCELED. I HAVE ASKED FOR A REFUND. I AM CONTINUALLY BEING CHARGED THESE OUT OF COUNTRY CHARGE FEES. I HAVE NOT GOTTEN AN ANSWER FROM THE OWNERS.
I have had this app for less than 1 hour and I wish I had never subscribed to the program. First, it's a money trap. They quote a price and you pay, but a bunch of the stuff costs more. For example, it seems like the workouts are part of the plan, but they are actually an additional fee. The other thing that I don't like is that I can't just log what I eat. Each meal and snack is a predetermined recipe. It is possible to trade for another recipe, but there isn't a way to just add my own thing.
I never received the plan, and have only received a partial refund. I find it unacceptable that I should only receive a partial refund when I never received the promised content. Avoid this program!
I'd like to request a FULL REFUND!! Will someone please contact me ASAP? The day after I signed up, I searched for my meal plan, and recieved a message stating, "Meal plan couldn't be generated." I've emailed SEVERAL times, only to get mostly auto-generated responses, with ZERO assistance. Finally Cindy responded, saying they were "working on it", then NOTHING. FOR DAYS!!! You've taken my payment, and I have yet to be able to use the app properly. What is the point of having it?!?
Could get the app to work. Please return my purchase. I would appreciate a full refund.
When I complained, they responded with the following: "Hello, thank you for your response. We've reviewed your profile and it seems you have been partially refunded on the 9th of October. Kindly note, that due to the company's policy, we were not able to issue a full refund in your case as we can see that the app has been accessed on the 7th of October onwards." The problem with the company policy is you HAVE TO download the app, and pay them before you can see how AWFUL it is. This is a scam
Did not like the food choices, and wouldn't eat.
Becareful they never refund your money This is a one size fit all diet plan
I did not expect this diet to be so complicated. The food it calls for is out of season where I am located.
The app is stuck at 39 percent for the last hour and won't move. I paid for a year subscription but can't access the program.
Couldn't get into app after repeated tries
I would like to request a full refund of my 6 mo subscription. The app is not easy to manuver, the recepies are unappealing and not easy to follow, not to mention the fact that the ingredients are not readily available at a regualr supermarket.
Wont let me down load app thru playstore after I've paid to use it im not happy
Just be aware you find out AFTER you purchase this app that they will only offer you a partial refund if you aren't satisfied. I realized within a few minutes of purchasing that the app wasn't for me (type 1 diabetic) and I have requested a full refund.
I unsubscribed. I'm expecting a return of one half of the fee. I'm deleting the app.
Please give me a refund. I am unable to follow this program because it is too complicated for me.
Installed could not open! Paid now can't use it very disappointed
Can't even download this app, so I just waisted all that money for what, not happy😡
Only gives 50% refunds for the clunky, poorly designed app that is difficult to navigate. I only had the app 3 days before I decided it was too difficult to use and not worth the headache. They said I could have printed out their content. Don't buy!
I am requesting a full refund of the 1 yr subscription I signed up for today. The product is not at all what I expected. The ingredients in the meal plan (which you cannot view before subscribing) are expensive and difficult to find. Additionally, on several of the recipes, there is no nutritional info, or number of servings indicated. Had I been able to preview the content, I would not have subscribed. Does not meet my needs at all! Please refund my money immediately!
I had thought it would be a helpful app and signed up for it. The next day I saw that I was charged $67, that I had not approved. Since I am only pre-diabetic, I really only minimal supervision. Additionally, I do not normally eat the foods that are recommended. I have requested a refund, at least 5 times with no success. I was told that I could receive 'half' of the refund. I stated that I was going to contact my credit card. The website stated that they could reject it.
I should have read the reviews before purchasing. I agree with others - this app claimed to provide real life recipes with ingredients that can be found anywhere. Not the case! Complicated recipes with obscure ingredients... but you only find this out after you purchase. I may not get a refund, but I think this is charged annually. I've deleted the app - do not charge me next year!
I would like my money back as I cant even access any recipe's Thank you Ken Bohanon
If you offered a Weekly subscription I may consider this app. It doesn't look like you're supporting people the way you need to. This company is out of Lithuania.
I cannot get into app to see if it is of benefit.
Meals not for me. Strange foods many of which are not available to me. I want to cancel my account and expect a refund. Thank you.
i paid 62 dollers and i havnt got a clue how to use it
You better like buckwheat and quinoa. You can't tell the app what ingredients you don't like so you are stuck with buckwheat and quinoa for every meal.
Not what I thought it would be and trying to cancel and get a refund. Not an easy task. Sorry I purchased it.
Horrible, money stealing, lying company and app! Refuses to respond to my emails wanting a full refund with detail explains why. This app is not user friendly, not flexible with food choices or options that are available or affordable.
Very limited menus. It selects 3 options and it doesnt have many options to change the food. I hate it! I am unable to find a phone number to cancel
This is not at all what I was expecting. It is not suitable for me and I would like a refund please.
So far I can not access the app at all. Computer says it is installed by I can not find it anywhere. Need this resolved. I have been sent offers to upgrade. NO ADS please. When I purchased I said no to these offers. I am an adult - I know what I needed. STOP sending ads or I will get refund before even finding the ad. The initial beginners pamphlet wasted a lot of paper (if printed) on pictures and other nonsense. Please be environmentally concerned.
How do i get a refuns i downloaded the app and the meal plans are way too hard of ingredients to find
So disappointed!!! I expected a diet plan that would help me, but all I got on my meal plan was crazy foods that no one I know of eats, much less purchases. SAVE YOUR MONEY. Hopefully the other parts of this app will be of more use. Also, there is no other way to contact anyone within the app or site.
I also requested my full refund as the app did not work as described and my meal plan and fitness plan were certainly not geared to me as an individual. I was told that I was only eligible for 1/2 back as that is the company policy. To date I have received no refund and am going to send a complaint to our governments Consumer Protection Branch. As I paid with PayPal I am also filing a complaint there.
Food suggestions are impracticable and time consuming. No options given. Rigid
This way too complicated. I need to have a program where I can make my own meals with food I like. This was not at all explained prior to signing up. How do I get an immediate refund?
Rubbish app, dire customer service. I purchased this in error, informed them in the first 10 minutes, they now only want to offer half the refund. I was meant to download the app from NHS UK fir my mum and then question why I had to pay?! Was told it's a usa app and the wrong one, still they only wanting to refund half the amount. Day light robbery. Avoid at all costs.
Can not register .
Not what i expected . Useless to me.would like a refund!
Paid my money, never received the app. don't waste your money. tried several times to get a solution from their and got the same computer generated response and still was not able to get app. ask for refund and have yet to hear back.
Horrible...not at all what I thought and was not told of rather extra charges. Unsubsidized me please . Removed app from my phone already
I am very disappointed. The app suggested I update my meal information and for several days it just says regenerating meal plan. This isn't free and I expected more from it. I also don't think it recognizes my time zone. I also would like to see past glucose levels instead of just the average that day. Not happy.
Can only eliminate not add foods to your preferences. Virtually no ability to customize. Only three meal options a day in each category so God help you if you don't have the ingredients on hand. The shopping list option is useless unless you plan on shopping multiple times a week. Workout plans are extra. App provides little or no guidance just upsell opportunities. Waste of money.
Not what I expected. Plan is not set up for working professionals. I would like a refund for my 12 month subscription, please.
Stay away. Better health benefits from YouTube videos
I really HATE the way water is inputted to app. It needs to be fixed ASAP. It is designed for people who only drink very few oz of water per day and you have to keep tapping to increase one oz at a time. Totally ridiculous and waste of time. I will not use this app to input water or anything if this is the best you can do.
I want to cancel my subscription but they make it very hard to figure out how. It says my acct acct doesnt exist or wrong password. I try to change my PW and then it says my email address is wrong even though they sent my original info to it. Quite the run around. Disappointed
I am requesting a full refund for the payment I made today. I have subscribed to other diet plans and this one is practically incomprehensible. the offers go on and on and I never got to anything useful such as meal plans or recipes. I will notify my Visa card to cancel my payment.
It's hopeless - all American and very expensive
Awful, you need plenty of time and a lot of money to use this diet
From initial look it seemed like a great tool. It just did not meet the expectations. Meal plan not set up for the working professional. Meal plans are not set up to use up ingredients fully, leaving waste or contributing to over eating. Navigating selection of meals was frustrating. Options changed constantly making it hard to go back to previously viewed option. No ability to print just a few days or even one weeksworth of ingredients. Not option to set frequency og glucose checks.
It gives foods that I have never heard of. Foods that I would not eat. The other options they give for meals is the same way. Not happy with this program
Uncommon foods. Not a realistic planner.
I was expecting more from your service om actual diet control suggestions for meals
Subscription... wants money for information
Just bought and downloaded the app, but you are having technic issues. Says that you are unable to open my plan ? Please fix this
Cant link. Want money back
Hi , I would like to cancel my subscription, because I didn't like the application, I don't think it's appropriate for me. I will appreciate it. Any questions please let me know. Sincerely,  Dariella Ledezma Perez
I would like a refund. Not happy with this Application at all. Can't contact help only computer generated answers and suggestions. They Never stop selling and asking for money at every turn. I can't get comfortable with this madness nor would i wantl to. Want refund ASAP.
It's been well over 12 hours I tried to download the app. And I'm still waiting for it I'm not happy since I also paid out a lot more than I was told the total charges were going to be.........presently NOT happy!!
I WOULD LIKE A FULL REFUND PLEASE! I agree with other reviewers in that I did not expect how complicated the recipes would be. Having to buy so many different ingredients with the risk that they will go stale because the recipes are so varied means that the cost is way too high for me to sustain!! There should have been a introductory period of recipes so that we could ascertain if the program works and fits our budgets! I have not accepted the gift either. PLEASE FULLY REFUND MY MONEY ASAP!
Meals are complicated and workouts cost additional. I don't mind cooking a full meal once a day but this plan requires extensive meal prep for 3 meals and 3 snack per day. There are other apps that are more realistic.
Horrible Customer Service and a program that is more concerned with up selling you and not helping you. I would not recommend this app or this program.
I could do the same thing with calendar reminders. But worth the cost. If you want to cancel, they don't respond.
Please refund my money. Unable to get what I wanted from your plan. Just refund my money
I have tried repeatedly and cannot access my diet. I have already paid and loggeg in. Yet,today I cannot login. Very frustrated.
Tried to get my money back due to unrealistic menu options, not being able to edit certain things, etc. What a joke!! It has been 2 weeks and they keep questioning why. Smh!! Waste of money!!
Total rubbish stay well away from this When contacting the developers they only offered 50% refund back Having been only with the app for 10 minutes Is a total con I bet all the testimonials are fictional in their site This program is a total rip off for a diabetic management reversal program. Is just a generic diet plan You are much better off looking at your local diabetic boards for meal and put a drink water reminder every 4 hours Use your health program un your mobile
As soon as it began the 6 or 7 "upsells", I knew it was a waste of money. Then it gave me a vegan diet. Nowhere did I say I wanted a vegan diet. Congratulations! You got me for about $60. You'll never get a penny more.
I agree with the others. Keep looking. This app is a rip off. Had to buy subscription to access meal plans. I don't eat most foods in the recipes (that are complicated and costly). No option to add foods I like. No category for my food allergy. Used app "Contact Us" for help. No Response!! Finally tried website and was told refund was only 50% and not an option. I thought this app would help me eat healthy and lose weight. Instead it's just a costly mistake that I deeply regret and can't afford.
Do not purchase this plan unless you have money to throw away! The company doesn't fully disclose costs up front and most of the program is additional costs add on. In addition, the meal plan is only doable if you have extra time from prep and an unlimited grocery budget. And they refuse to refund your money once you realize you can't use the program. They don't even respond to emails. Worst customer service ever!
I have to agree with most of the reviewers that this does not meet my expectations at all. Between my mobility disability and Covid I am unable to go to the grocery store to buy all these ingredients. Plus, Im unable to prepare/cook some of them. I just signed up for this and now I would like an IMMEDIATE & FULL REFUND. It definitely is not what I thought I was signing up for; very disappointing. I expect my refund to be done by 2/5/21 as I need that money back. Thank you.
It doesn't give you the opt to add your food, you eat what they have selected.
This food plan does not give meal plans with foods most people would eat. Includes many ingredients that I will not eat. Total waste of my money.
What they describe they give and what you get are 2 different things.
Trying to cancel. No easy way to cancel
Prepared recipes new foods and spices could not adjust to selections. I am a health nutritious eater but did not like the cords. No support and had to pay for all extras like workout, community etc. I'm looking for a refund now after 2 weeks.
I find the app lacks in flexibility. Although you start with a quiz that asks about your food preferences, it then offers a lot of recipes with ingredients I did not like and it did not offer the opportunity to swap ingredients, just recipes. Another issue was the lack of flexibility in entering my own recipes or even items like purchased shakes/snacks, meals... Finally, when I looked at the shopping list for th 28 days junk food challenge, I was really shocked. Without even scrolling, looking at the first category, breads, I was shocked at not only the number of different items but the quantities listed. For example, for the first week, there were 12 different breads and bakery items, ranging from 0.5oz to 8.5oz. Now some items might have a longer shelf life but some do not, leading to a major waste of food (a French baguette goes stale very fast). Furthermore, some items are so specific that they require a trip to a high end grocery store or a specialty store. This is not budget-friendly. Just for this review, I scrolled down the list: dairy products and eggs - 16 different items, including 2 types of milk, 3 types of cream cheese, 1 quail egg, etc. Legumes and grains, 13 items, meats & fish, 13 items, nuts, etc. All this for one week worth of meals. I am very disappointed. I have contacted their customer service twice with questions, in case I missed something, but it has now been 8 days since purchase and I have not received any answer. Read the fine prints. I never buy apps. I decided to buy this one because I really wanted to work on eating better and I am bitterly disappointed. Learned my lesson. Not paying for apps again.
I want to cancel PLEASE Very hard to read . app is too small.. The recipes are to high in carbs. Or where do I go to cancel?
I can't open it wants a password. Put in one as I'm new. Says I have no account. Please refund my money!
Edit: I DID ask and was told I could get 50% back in an email from your team. I was NEVER refunded or contacted again. I think not offering a full refund within minutes of purchasing after seeing it is bad. My opinion. I asked for a refund immediately upon seeing the parameters of the program. This was not evident until money was paid. I was never given even a partial refund. Simply no response. I feel I should be given a full refund since I never used the program and requested it immediately.
it will not download onto my phone
The app is misleading advertising as far as I am concerned. I was stupid enough to pay to get into the app. then to get everything it shows on the advertising display on google apps, I need to pay even more. My mistake, wasted money when you have to pay to even open the app I downloaded. That's how much I could have used assistance.
I can't log in with my gmail !!I need help !
Sent 5 messages to site with no response back for any
BUYER BEWARE. GOOGLE WILL NOT REFUND YOUR PURCHASE. DEVELOPER IS UNRESPONSIVE. Does not work as advertised. Meals and snacks are difficult and require tons of cooking. Also high carb!!!!!!! Ingredients are expensive and excessive. Ingredients cannot be substituted or swapped out. Not good for families. Cannot input your own nutrition information, meals, or ingredients. No easy or apparent way to track macros. Workouts are NOT included - they are avail. for an additional cost. WANT A FULL REFUND.
I have just downloaded your app expecting, having paid a six months subscription, access to a program and recipes. In my opinion it is dishonest to be now asking for payment for recipes as this wasn't made clear in your ad or application form. I am a pensioner with limited income and bitterly disappointed with your product. You must know that diabetics and pre-diabetics can have serious health problems and you appear to be taking advantage of the vulnerable.
Instead of $39 you deducted over $145. I need to cancel ASAP.
I paid for a 3 month subscription on January 11th, 2021 and today on February 1st, 2021, it's not allowing me to use it and says that my subscription has expired, and it's prompting me to pay again. I want a full refund for the three month subscription that I paid for. What a ripoff. I don't recommend this app to anyone. Google has become increasingly more greedy. Smh. Not worth paying for anything from them.
I just purchased the 6 month plan 2 days ago and now can no longer access. It says my subscription has expired.. 2 days into a 6 month subscription!!! No response from customer service yet!
Please refund my money in full. I had no way of knowing what a terrible, money grabbing app this was before getting a three month subscription. Awful. Refund my money immediately!!!! Shame on you for taking people's money.
DO NOT USE OR BUY!! Food options only had ingredients I don't like. Contacted customer service and all they would tell me is how to change choice. I had already done that before I contacted them. Gave them list of ingredients I don't eat as requested and still no options. Response from customer service is 3 days or more average. This went on for a month. You will never get a refund, even the partial they claim you will get.
I have contacted through hello several times to report the meal plan will not generate. I have reinstalled the app. Still no change. I have asked for a refund.
I have had this app for less than 24 hrs and asked multiple times to have my money refunded. The app does not fit my needs. I responded back to your suggestion, but again the glucose level does not go high enough. I should have read these reviews first, but I will be posting about this app in other locations!
This program is a waste of money. The recipes are awful and don't include items that most people would eat. They asked to pay extra to get your meal plan sooner. I declined and my meal plan was ready in 15 minutes. Beware there seems to be no way to get a refund.
Would give 0 stars..Sounded great. Paid and got the app. It is very pretty, but extremely hard to navigate. No connection to app trackers, no way to enter what you actually ate or what food you actually have that could be used to make food. No edit on water entries. Just not gonna be helpful. Sent a request for a refund, I'm expecting bad news. Only had this half a day, if that. Also after you sign up you get BOMBARDED with "buy this too" and "you will never see this offer again". Clue missed! UPDATE 2.9.21: I contacted customer support, they tried to say "cancel" was all they could do. Now, this company will NOT refund my money. DO NOT BUY THIS APP! UPDATE 2/11/21 - app will not display. Customer Service refuses refund.
I purchased this app one evening and the next day when I was really looking at it, I decided to cancel my subscription. I found out that only a 50% refund is given unless you can show proof that something within the app doesn't work. I wasn't even allowed 24 hours to look into this app before canceling. Greed at its best!!!!!!
By far the WORST APP and the WORST customer service. I paid for a full year. They have not sent the program, the app does not work properly, and they don't even answer my emails. I feel robed....what a rip off!
WORST. TOTALLY USELESS FOR A DIABETIC
I couldn't get the app to load on my phone. I followed all the direction and hints they sent me to complete download. I requested a refund within 3 days. I emailed back and forth for over a week. Finally 2 weeks later, they stated they will only give me a refund of 50% per their policy because I am unable to give them visual proof that the app will not load on my phone. ITS A RIPOFF, DO NOT BUY THIS APP. I'm searching for something better.
So disappointed! Not at all what I was expecting. I'm allergic to so many of the ingredients in the meal plans. Even after entering my excluded foods, no opportunity to enter all my food allergies 😢
Don't waste your money on this app!! Nothing will download. The Play Store on Google said that It doesn't exist. I paid $69.00 for nothing!!!
Horrible idea, this app asks you if you like 8 things then tells you what to eat. You do not enter your own food. Do NOT buy this app. They only give 50% refund. And I've yet to see it. Total waste of my hard earned money.
Cant even log in. Trying to reset pass word. Ridiculous!
Menu choices did not work for me. For instance, the grilled mozzarella cheese and mushroom on whole grain bread for breakfast.
Don't waste your moneu
Paid 50 dollars for this and still they want more money for the exercises and other features. What am I paying for?
Based in Lithuania with no way to reach you directly. No, I have no money for you. Sounds like a scam to me
I never have been able to download app. I feel I was ripped off. Never received what I was promised. No response from customer service.
Its not free
Before you think about subscribing to this app, stop! If you are alone and have nobody but yourself to think about, no family or spouse, if you have plenty of time to spend shopping and preparing, and if you have tons of extra money to spend on the exotic foods, then this app is for you. The meals look wonderful but the work involved in preparing them would be ridiculous. I have carefully reviewed the app and have found it to be impossible to navigate, so I will chalk it up to experience and be more careful about promises from internet organizations. I have requested a refund, however I am not holding out hope.
There aren't enough people using this app for it to be really effective. Also, it doesn't check for exposures very often. A serious flaw in my eyes! It should be checking at least every 15 mins (refreshing) at the very least. It does not allow for exposure time check to be altered in Google. It was a good concept, bad design.
Idk
Hell no, Sic Semper Tyrannus.
Perpetuating disaster fraud. This app is a joke.
The app isn't actually checking for exposure. Opened it today and it was last checked for exposure three weeks ago.
Are you serious?
Never launched it because it requires BT. If you do not use anything the requires BT, then turning it on will decrease your battery life. And BT is how hackers can get access to your phone. As long as it uses BT, I will never use it.
Having bluetooth on all the time absolutely destroys my battery life. I like the idea of the app but it relies on people to have the app on their phone and self report if they've been sick or not. Only 100k downloads. NC has like 10 million people... Thats like 0.01% of the population have the app. Whats the point? And you could have asymptomatic people all around you. This app should be advertised. How are people supposed to know about it?
Great idea but it stopped working Nov. 20th. When will it start working again?
Doesn't work. I tried to report my positive test results, but can't get a pin to do so. The website and the people on the phone both say I'm not in their system. What good can this do if it can't even accept positive test results to inform others? Edit to respond to their response: My positive test result was on 10/8/20 from a test on 10/6/20. It should be in their system. This app clearly can't be trusted to do what it's intended to do if it can't even verify current positive tests.
No dice. My husband was diagnosed with COVID last Monday. He sent out a notification (had to call for a pin). I also have this app on my phone. Both our bluetooths were enabled but I never received an exposure notification, even a week later. Great idea, but buggy.
Help but do you like the developer might be crawling scamming freezing your ID for benefits other than preview
Thought this app would be useful, until I saw that in order for it to work it needs bluetooth enabled all the time. It is never a good idea to have this on all the time OR to encourage people to keep it on. If you are reading this, be aware anyone with any third party software on their phone can easily steal your info if you are within bluetooth communication vicinity. There might not be any harm in this app itself, but enabling bluetooth in public areas is asking for trouble from cyber theives.
Doesn't work, worthless app
When I first downloaded i had a app that protect me from hackers and it said that 4 ppl was trying to hack me with 317 trackers
Really gives no information
Im not scared of my own shadow..i dont need my stufg tracked more than it already is..i only DL to leave a review..now stick it where sun dont shine
Covid=cold/fake af imagine being so stupid to fall for a meme mask=obey you normies are stupid as hell.
You have to have bluetooth and gps on just to allow the app to do its job? Yuck. Why don't I just tape a microwave to my forehead too. Great app for killing your battery and phones processors while catching some awesome radiation. For what? Maybe another person is using this app too near by. Fail!
It was a great idea but the pin access on the website didn't work.
When I asked about something like this when it all started I was pretty much told to shut up, stay home, and wash my hands. Even that I would be violating HIPAA. After everything that has transpired in the last several months, I only see this as more fear mongering. Another way to get people to take unreliable test that only inflate numbers so the state can get more federal money and try to keep us locked down. Also this is another way for you to be tracked.
"Internal error"
It's not very effective if the only thing that ever happens when I try to enable it is that it says "internal error". Edit: I had already done what they said to do in their response because I saw it in a response to someone else's review. It didn't fix the problem.
Second review, again, about not being able to obtain a PIN. I've tried every way possible to get one and am unable. Was told may take 24 hours since notification of positive result, it has now been 72 hours, a phone call from the health department, and being symptom free for 24 hours since notification and I am still unable to obtain a PIN because "I'm not in the system." Deleting this app and relying on social media is probably better for notification of exposure. Stay healthy!
Doesn't do anything and yet covid is raising in numbers around nc. It would be better to know where it is so I can stay away from those areas.
Has not checked for exposures since January 9th. Checked to make sure the app is not being put to sleep. I have had 3 known exposures in the 10 days. Getting tested today, not because of the app.
Excellent way to track people for the upcoming police state. Nice try. Uninstalled.
I decided to not open it at all
Government tracking at its finest. This is absolute garbage just like Governor Cooper
I can't believe people . Let's just let the government in our phone. Lol .
I got a canned response from the developers saying yes it uses battery but not much. You are wrong. My phone needed 3x the charging. For the 3 days I had it installed. I wish it worked as they say. I installed this thinking it would help. But can't keep using it. My battery died remarkably fast. Had I gone out more I would have been without a phone, and then the app can't work with a dead phone.
Unable to obtain a Pin using the form due to always failing the CAPTCHA. I've tried being case sensitive and not case sensitive. It fails every time. I've tried this on Chrome and Firefox browsers
Install and ready to get started. Hit "Enable" on first launch, but get "Internal error". Updating Google Play services is not an option at the moment. I guess Huawei phones are not supported 🙁
I had Covid19 and people I kniw that have this app told me they never got notified
When I go to enable it it keeps saying internal error, try again later. Whats going On? Really want this to work. I have a galaxy s10 and I cant figure out whats going on.
The app nonfactions are anoying everytime I turn off the location and bluetooth a anoying nonfactions come in a minute .
Useless app! But great idea if it worked. I've tried for days to enter that I tested positive for covid-19 and it refuses to allow me to notify the system. If others are experiencing this then it renders the entire system useless. And secondly you have to voluntarily disclose that you tested positive. I've tried for days to enter my positive test result, but it refuses to issue a PIN necessary to upload. 11/17 update :finally got a pin, and still will not accept alpha-num entry. S9 phone.
My app has not updated since January 15th at 7:04 a.m. so if I've been in contact with anyone that has notified the system then I'm just SOL.... in addition to the pins being so hard to get and to administer while you're sick...this was a good idea but has a lot of flaws... but I still wish mine would update... it worked fine for several several weeks and now no updates
I do not want this app. Quit trying to force me to install it.
Internal error pops up and that's it
Disappointed. Not Effective. I've had this for a while; encouraged ppl to download it. Up until yesterday, it worked well - seemingly. It checked for exposures several times a day for the past two months or so. Last week, someone in my pod tested positive. It took her several days to put in a PIN. I've not been alerted yet (but I have isolated since her exposure and then positive test). This program has got to be faster to be effective. It's giving ppl a false of security.
Anyone I have asked either never heard of this app or may have heard about it once and forgot about it. If Roy Cooper and his "science-based" health policy staff were serious about containing the virus and encouraging proper contact tracing, the airwaves and newsprint would be flooded with ads about this app. They are not. It does no good (and drains battery according to some of the other reviews) if only a relative handful of people use the app & broadcast their Bluetooth signals into the ether
Useless mine quit updating December 25
Covid in my family Didn't work.. Then I try to update it and tell of my POS outcome. Says can't find me in system...
Useless! Couldn't get a pin to share my positive test. Cumbersome. Pointless!
resourse hog.. I've tried this app on at least 3 diff phones and i now have one of the best phones out there Samsung S20 Ultra 5G and it even bogs this phone down too. I noticed this problem specifically when trying to screen cast to my TV, which is something I do often when playing my drums to music. shut this app off.. problem solved..
Never was notified
An absolutely useless app. I tested positive for covid nearly a week ago but have yet to be able to get my PIN. Every time I call in they tell me it's going to be a few days. If you look at the reviews this seems to be the case, that they won't provide you the pin until weeks afterwards. So all in all, this app serves no purpose. What an absolute waste of taxpayer money.
Can't give it anything but a 1.. I just reloaded it yesterday. Had for a while but Uninstalled because it never showed exposure and I knew I had been exposed. Several times. Thought I'd give it one more try. I've got a feeling people aren't going to be honest. So this app may be a dud because of that. I'd give them 6 stars for good intentions but people still run around shopping and everything else. They don't quarantine like they're supposed to. Sad but true.
Won't enable. Internal error. Bluetooth is on so I'm not sure why it won't work. Google Play is up to date. App still will not work after installing again.
No this app does not work. I tested positive in December and the still don't have me listed. I've called the number too and they just say to call back in a few days. Useless.
not recommended!! don't download!! only trust the news on tv!! i would not trust these apps because i have heard on the real news that these could possibly be scams and there have been some reports that people did get scammed!
I don't use Bluetooth
It's taking weeks to obtain a confirmation pin to share results which defeats the purpose of this whole thing. By the time people get their pins it's been over a week or longer in some cases, which at that point is too late. It's pointless to alert people if it's not immediate. Deleting the app because I'm not ok with tracking me for no purpose.
Just downloaded the app, I Don't not know anyone with covid in North Carolina or out. Im in Charolette. I use it on my tablet. High risk. Halloween night, Oct 2020, I dont know anyone with covid I keep myself safe. I have no clue if the app works so Im uninstalling it. Now.
What happens when I'm stuck in traffic next to someone who has tested positive? Scaring people into quarantine for no good reason.
Wont work. Seems like a bogus app to spread fear. So many ppl are willing to give up all their rights. Sad
Does not notify of contact, yet
10.49 million people in north Carolina, 50,000 people have downloaded and many have gave up on it. As for the features and app itself, I think it lacks way too much in features. Other countries have way better apps. This is the only app here I can find so far, so I'm keeping it. Something is better than nothing.
I am a nurse and work in an emergency department. I have been exposed to covid multiple times per shift. This app says I've never been exposed. So it doesn't even deserve one star.
V mpe ya dimokalasi ko la d ya la s
Not very useful if people don't participate.
I just found this app on 10/18 and downloaded it. Ever since then my phone has been going crazy! Controlling itself especially the volume keys and crashing all apps I attempt to use unless turned sideways so its wider vs longer which allows the volume to go crazy without closing others it also stopped responding to my commands about 90% of them. Its a bold statement to tie my issues to the app I realize and the ONLY reason Im doing so is its been 6 months since I added any other apps but this
When I tried to enable it says internal error.
Not falling for your bs, its just compiling data for those who get covid after downloading this app, scam by big gov. Go try it on some dummies, your not getting this guy.
I have had this app sense it came out and not once have I seen any information or gotten a notification. Undoubtedly no one uses this app because I work where there have been at least 20 some cases it looks as if one person would have this app, but no. Its useless
How is this app any good if I'm only notified if other app users have covid and not non app users.?
One star for the idea. All other stars gone because it doesn't work. Last checked for exposure 11/25/20. I set it up to never be put to sleep, but it just doesn't check and there's no way to force it to update.
Downloaded this app to review it, I didnt even verifiably open this app so NC and Roy Cooper cant track me. Its amazing at how so many pawns in NC has downloaded this trackable app lol
Again, writing a review to state that it randomly stops checking for exposures. I think it happens when I connect/disconnect other things via bluetooth or when I turn bluetooth off/on. The app reads "Exposure last checked November 20" it is now the 23rd. Last time I wrote a review I don't think the respondent understood what I was saying - I understand how to open the app and look for the last exposure check, what I am saying is it is not checking anymore for some reason.
This was a good idea with a big flaw. Getting a pin is not straight forward. Someone sick with Covid will not take the time to bother getting a pin. It should have been done like this... Sign up with the app with your cell phone number, you get Covid and the county health department should notify DHHS to send the exposure. This would have been easy to do using the cell phone number of the infected person. My wife had Covid and this app. She thought it updated using health department records.
It doesn't work. It says internal error.
I was exposed and this app had no idea. I was contacted by text and phone call over a week later by NC Health Dept. Was that the app or just the department? Thank goodness my job was on top of it. The app has not reflected that I was exposed, and it should let me put in my test results. Still not sure what the point of having this app is??
This app is not trust worthy, each time I check this app it's not on. It has told me twice to turn on. I haven't touched it this app is not working properly.
Not accurate at all
Bluetooth requires the user to validate the authenticate the process between devices. Apps can't do that automatically because it would bypass bluetooth security/encryption. If you paired it to a device it would remember it and reconnect when near or on like bluetooth in a car that you allowed too.
Didn't seem to work
I haven't gotten the message on this belt since I downloaded it over 6 months ago and I know I've been around somebody it had the coop and they had the app installed on their phone as well
The app hasn't checked my exposure since dec 24th. Its now jan 24th. Seems pretty useless.
Not effective. I downloaded the app 2 months before I was exposed. Didn't get any notifications. Everyone around me has the app. Once I tested positive it was a 10 day ordeal just to get a pin. I agree with others that there needs to be a better way for the pin to be given but not by tracking phone numbers. Maybe everyone gets a special code when they're tested that they can put into the app and their results will automatically update once they come in. Less hassle, more secure.
I found that the process to obtain and use a PIN was too much effort to put forth while I was sick with COVID. I notified people verbally instead - via mass text.. much less time involved. When ill with COVID, people are spending their precious time sleeping and NOT going through social media promopts to set up a PIN - very ineffective! I am also a nurse and mother of 2 - I've had the app since the beginning and have had NO notifications - again, ineffective.....
Worked as described from the day I installed it on September 29th to December 30th; it has not updated contact tokens since that day and, as a result, no longer provides meaningful indications as to whether I've been exposed.
I don't like the set up. It should be automatically updated when someone test positive by the providers or health department that report the COVID cases. I was living with someone with the virus and noticed my phone never went off to alert me. After reading you as the COVID patient have to up the app yourself. This will probably never happen who has time for that. Which makes this app useless.
This app has a 100% fail rate. I had COVID in Dec and it STILL can't get me a pin so I can notify others. It would be too late now, but seriously... My husband (who also tested positive) had the same experience.
Track me... Uhh no thanks
Does nothing relevant...never notifies me of anything. Uninstalling.
Deleting the app, I got covid, tried to do the right thing and alert others through it. I'd rather take the time to post this review then call and get a pin. And based on other reviews attempting to get a pin isn't always successful so I'm not wasting another second on this. And I don't need a developer reply thanks.
It would be nice if I could update I've had an Exposure.
Terrible App. I've had this app since the beginning. It stops checking for exposures at random and then it's hard to get it working again. It hasn't checked since the 17th.
Not effective. I was knowingly around several people that tested positive (my husband, for example) and the app never picked up on any of it or notified me. And yes...they all reported their positives to the app.
No information about notices, but it was unnecessarly difficult to update today.
App hasn't checked for exposures in 25 days (Jan. 5). It did the same thing back in December as well. What gives? The app needs to do its job in order to work. 🙄
As others have said, no one is going to use this because it's a royal pita to report a positive. My wife is positive but the system does not find her by phone or email. It wants her to call to get a pin. She's not going to do all that and most people won't. Good idea but virtually useless.
My daughter tested positive, lives at home, has the Slow-covid app but it always said I had not had contact. When she reported her positive test to the health department she was not given a pin to report her test. I have also had some co-workers test positive and not been notified through the app.
Worthless
My wife was diagnosed a week ago ive not been notified about it
Don't trust this. I called my local health department to get tested, so I can have an official documentation of my clear infection. I was told that the test is supposed to be free, but that later charges aren't excluded from the realm of possibility. They said the test is just for jobs, and satisfying personal interest or fears. So no pin, and no way of alerting others I may have come in contact with. Way to go NC, you screw poor people again. What a surprise.
Found out I was exposed from a coworker who tested positive. I got tested and also found out I was positive. Unable to get a pin to share my results and the app never knew that I was exposed. Its honestly kind of useless at slowing covid. I did find out where to go get tested, but otherwise this app sucks and its no wonder we have all time record deaths and hospitalizations. Time is of the essence with Covid and this app doesn't have any sense of urgency. Im thinking of uninstalling it.
ITested+Around TGvingWithA medFacilityThatWasWorkingwithThisAppSupposedly.ITookTheStepsOfReachingOutAndTryingToObtainA pinNumberToReportMy +case.Contacting slowcovidnc, they looked my info up and couldn't find me at all.They told me sometimes it takes 48 to 72 hours.So I called back at 48 hours.They had nothing.Called the place that did my results to confirm I tested +, after 72 hrs. They said yes.Called the app again around 4 days later and still couldn't find me.I never got report ever.
Needs Bluetooth on all the time to get the warnings. I don't leave my Bluetooth on like that.
My app says it hasn't checked for exposures since Jan 15, is this an issue with my phone or with the app?
Stopped checking for exposure for over a month. "Solution" was to uninstall and reinstall the app.
I have not had an exposure check since December 27 2020
I had this on my phone thought it was supposd to tell me if someone i am around has it
Don't work in the subway the most important place to check covid-19 positive people
Google Exposure Notification API is not available on secondary profiles on the same Google device. Also not really useful since most people that really should be using this - schools, clinics, barbers, etc. - are not, and have not heard of this app!
I give it 1 star and a thumb up, that's for all information you can find on this app. But I can't give more stars because the most important feature of this app is to let others know that you get tested for Covid, but it doesn't work! The code you are supposed to get from a Trace worker doesn't work, so the app can't (anonymously) send out important information and contact other people or their devices... (I reinstalled the app, turned of/on bluetooth, and tried multiple codes = nothing worked)
Its asking me to turn on bt which is already turned on.
I like the idea but I says some people test positive for the virus but that got tested and did not test positive see if maby this is a glich I would be nice to be fixed cus I love this thix for making it possible for us all
Cuomo and diBlasio can 💋 dirty homeless anus.
I been around people who had covid and they have this app and everything but not showed that people i was around had it. But i will say that i am lucky that i have got it yet. I have been around 6 people so far that had it or has it. Time to get rid of this app. I dont need to track hie many people have it in my county. Thats all this app is really good for is to see the status of the covid in your county.
Based on the reveiws I won't be taking a chance on this app. I was about to download it. However the reviews say a lot.
Keeps telling me that tracking is turned off, but when I click on the notification, it is turned on.
with three attempts and I have not been able to download this application
Idea behind the app is great, but this only works if EVERYONE downloads it and does their due diligence of reporting covid. Released for 3 weeks, only 100k+ downloads(not sure if this includes apple side). If people care that much to go through the motions of reporting, putting on a mask shouldn't be an issue on the first place.
The government tracking your every move for your "safety" WHAT A GREAT IDEA, what could go wrong
Define exactly what is CoVID-19 in laymen terms and not a nebulous suggestion as the app description. Microsoft, I haven't purchased any products since 2011 or operated within a limited Windows environment since March 2016– so no coronary viruses on my end. As an athlete and living in University (10 years ago) became ill by a Winter viral infection most severe in my existence, supplaning the Red Scare sold by Media in 2020. Here solely to leave an absurd review...Just in, immigrant locator app!
Totally useless app.
Intrusive and useless
I have seasonal allergies. Simply answering that i have a stuffy nose that i get every year on the seasonal transition between fall and winter gives me a "You might have COVID-19, stay indoors" message. Self assessment tool is broken. 1 star for neglecting to fix such a vital feature so that it's accurate. At least ask if we have preliminary conditions before worrying us or falsely flagging us. Negative COVID-19 test.
Pretty useless
I installed this months ago. I have yet to get any notifications. I guess it's busted.
App is vulnerable and open to code manipulation and attacks via Bluetooth vulnerabilities. Scans via Indeoendsnt analysis software find vulnerabilities that can expose your personal device to attackers. Great idea, but the security is highly flawed for the time being until certain patches are developed by device manufacturers and app developers.
The app is overall a trick. They already are tracking what they need to know. I just love puzzles.
FRAUD!!!!!
Big brother go away reeeeeee
Trash, pointless, fear-mongering nonsense. Put your money towards helping all of the small businesses you are killing instead of monitoring your residents.
It wouldn't stop telling me to download it via the play store notifications no matter how many times I cleared it. Within an hour it showed up again. So I only downloaded it to give this review. And hopefully this will stop the damn notifications.
Causes phone issues, app crashes, causes phone to freeze. Junk
I have no doubt that this is good BUT I do not like that even if you choose ONE symptom let's say Headache or even congestion or runny nose it straight up tells you that you may have covid. Like what if I have a headache period or a sinus infection. Dont like it wont use it
If you watch this review because you have privacy concern against this app. I can tell you that.... there is "no concern". I confirm the app has no access to any personal info in your phone. I use third party product to scan it and confirm this. The application design really ensure that you cannot be tracked. Your privacy is safe. So, go ahead to download it to increase protection for youself.
I don't like it!!!!
Tty
Stop asking me if I want this app. .this is good for people who drive around by themselves with mask on.
Garbage..ur all a bunch of scared sheep..baaaaaaa... This is a plandemic used to scare people..comon man, 99.99999 % survival rate.. government getting panties ina bunch over their new power's to control people and hurt trump...I downloaded it just to tell you that..baaaa
Update: Dev continues completely tone-deaf, as evidenced by their reply below, which has ZERO to do with my review. Nowhere did I do so much as insinuate that the app was for medical diagnosis. I know exactly what the app is meant to do, & insulting my intelligence is not going to hide the fact that the app is useless & does not do the job. They still haven't fixed anything. Literally thousands of complaints similar to mine & they still don't get it. The entire point is that chronically ill people ALREADY HAVE BASELINE SYMPTOMS, and if those aren't entered into ANY tracing application, the RESULTS WILL BE WRONG. How are you allowed to work on this app or respond to questions without that basic understanding? This is very definition of ableist trash. I stand by my original review: Absolutely worthless garbage. They don't listen & things keep getting worse. Inexcusable incompetence. I dont want your lying responses, I want you to do your job or get out of the way so someone who can has the chance to fix your mess. This is ridiculous. *** Original review: How can you possibly do anything like this without first allowing for a person's baseline health? I've got chronic conditions that share C19 symptoms. This app now thinks I've got C19. This is thoughtless, ableist, privileged foolishness. Throwing the chronically ill under the bus, as always. Why do you refuse to learn? Uninstalled. I want to be part of the solution, but your ignorant gatekeeping shuts me out. Nice job.
Fake news. Stop the Hysteria.. the chonavirus is just a way the Democrats use to hijack your freedoms and liberties! If you've had a cold in the last 15 years .. you'll test positive. The tests are false.. cuomo is a murderer and china must pay for this in one way or another! Carma is a bitch! This app is stupid.. fuck you !😡🔥now it pops up when you open the "play store" wtf .. don't turn your device into a tracking machine! The virus is a fraud and so is this app!!!!! Beware. do not install.
So you expect me to believe that people who test positive for the plague, are actually going to be honest & record their data, then go out against the rules and let you track them? Do you delete the info after 2 weeks or keep warning people 3 months later? If it doesn't alert someone immediately, then all you're doing is feeding fear into peoples' minds by sending the "warning" later. What's the point in this? So everyone here is staying home any time a warning pops up? If not, why have this?
big brother, nice try new york.
Useless.. i work doing COVID testing have yet to have the application alert me of a contact, yet I see many people every day who have tested positive.
Use of this app surrenders your 4th ammendment rights. Know your rights and stop giving them away.
Doesn't work. It never says if I'm near anyone.
Automatically turns on GPS location on Android devices, kills battery on s20 ultra (which is very hard to do regularly), and constantly notifies you to turn on your GPS when you turn it off when it clearly states that it uses Bluetooth. The fact that it does not use the tracker is not the point, it's the fact that the GPS locator itself drains your battery so conserve on battery it stays off so unless you can find a way to actually use the Bluetooth in Android devices this app is useless here.
As a tracker, alert system it is a zero. Don't waste your time or battery.
Reported false positive exposure on day I quarantined at home alone all day. No option in app or hotline to report false exposure notice.
Was around someone who tested positive and was in a cluster area and get no alert. This app does not work. You all must be collection other information from my phone but it sure was not covid19 information
App would be a great idea if it didn't drain your battery and use all your data all the time. I like the idea just not the abuse of resources.
Propaganda, control: This app makes it easier for your overlords to trace where you have been and what you have been doing. You will submit to them and you will only learn the things that they want you to learn (because the only things that happen are on the news, right?). You will only be safe if they keep you safe, you can't keep yourself safe. 99% of people get better from this disease but this is the first time in human history that we have forced control over a population in this way.
The app for moronic sheep. You people are insane. 😂 Lol
This app overheat my phone. make it go on fire. because app did clean sweep function. Not safe
COVID 19 IS A HOAX #PLANDEMIC #SCAMDEMIC
BATTERY KILLER! I have a phone that can last approximately one week off of one charge. After installing this app the phone would only last approximately 6-8 hours and now takes 3 hours to charge instead of 40 minutes. This app literally destroyed my phone.
Covid 19 is a lie
As I said in my last review,my speaker worked fine after possibly being muted for a month when I uninstalled this app. There is nothing concerning in this app neither a virus or malware, but you can get your speaker muted for free by installing this. Just wrote another because I'm still wondering where my original review went.
graphs don't update. still shows data from 2 days ago. thanks
Um? HIPPA Laws? Privacy Laws that guideline the use of a patient's medical information??? ANYONE ever heard of these things? So let's get this straight. If I'm in a room with one other person for a half hour and then directly go into a room all by myself. Then the app informs me that I've been six feet next to someone who's tested positive. Explain to me just EXACTLY where this protects the privacy of that person who I now know, thanks to this app, has tested positive? A VERY SLIPPERY SLOPE!!!
not an app you want on your phone, very sketchy and sensitive with permissions and information access on the phone, do not install
The app says that if it is installed and the app user comes in contact with someone who is positive for covid the app user will be alerted. What method does the app use to alert the app user. Is there an audio alert, or some other way?
App was automatically installed on my device one day... Not cool.
Cant really use it for now. Bluetooth on and when I try to set it up ,the button for closeness alert won't work. I even uninstalled the app and reinstalled same thing. I really would like to be alerted. Please help. I have emailed also. I will change my rating once the app works for me. Thank you.
This is useless 😒
Doesn't do anything.
Cut my battery life to nothing.
Not much help, unless you have a smartphone.
An app isn't going to save you from disease. Have you ever gotten the flu? Have you ever gotten it again? Did you need an app to tell you? Sheeple, this is just another tracking app. Trojan horse! Let the government know where you are 24/7. Bah sheep, bah.
Lesson up this is not as bad as you here on the news i know you dont know me but its not as bad Hospitals are getting paid for each covid death. All deaths are listed covid watch out. Also the news only talks about the deaths from months ago new deaths are less then The normal flue at this point. We need to get out and get back to normal LIFE AND LIBERTY The freedom to control your own Destiny its our right as americans Go read it if you dare .....
App forced be to put my grandma in a nursing home and she was covid +. Now all her friends are dead.
I'm not afraid of you, tom for government
Annoying 😑🙄😒
This app should be illegal, takes away from personal privacy all for this plandemic paid for by Democrats including the creation of it!! I haven't worn a mask the entire plandemic as an essential worker, haven't been sick not once... Covid is NOTHING compared to the regular flu. It's all lies which in people are too stupid to think for themselves anymore & believe the FAKE MEDIA!
Read the reviews saying that it has the ability to hack so I feel like I have been warned.
Privacy is my big concern
Does not give updated information that is needed of positive cases in the area. Requires a code to be given out when you become a positive case. Not very descriptive and helpful into preventing the covid-19 issue . It also disrupts the use of other apps. For example messenger, facebook, and the use of your own wi-fi. While this app is running, shows on messenger for example that has to wait for the network to connect before it will work. Not a very good app needs more updates.
Horrible one star only cause I'm forced to or I can't post
I'm abit confused!! 2 Totally different Reviews!! 1 gets 1 Star, The 2nd gets 5 Stars!!
I was twice around infected people this does not work.No warnings.Dmv didn't even tell me I might have been exposed I saw it on line.
I didn't download this crapware spyware.... how did it get on my phone app?!?!? This was never downloaded by me, this was pushed on to my phone without my authorization.... You need to kick this abusive app developer off of the platform and never allow them back on
Hhahahahahahaha
I ain't got blue tooth so it ain't doing me no good
there is no way to notify anyone if you contract covid. the app instructs to enter a code provided by someone who will call if ur test is positive. nobody called, not even after i sent a note asking for help. its now been 10 days since my PCR lab report. whats the point of building and releasing this and asking people to use it if the data isnt ever going to be used for anything? im just going to uninstall it cos its just eats my battery for no public benefit.
Useless Doesn't do anything.
Bluetooth voice profile issue. As soon as this was installed (pixel 4xl with Android 11), all the "voice" profiles disappeared from my Bluetooth devices, audio remained so I could listen to music but could not hear or send voice calls over the device (ex car bluetooth, headset, etc). This essentially makes it a non starter for me. Disappointing. As soon as I uninstalled this app, all my problems went away.
Says I need to install Google play services A.P.I. wth man got all excited for nothing
We had the app and have since deleted it. We caught Covid. There is no way to state so in the app. You need to wait for the Health Dept to do something with it. By the time we received a call from the HD (poor staff are so over worked because people are careless!) we were almost off quarantine, so they didn't bother doing anything with the app or contact tracing (which we had already done on our own anyway). The app was a waste! Totally defeated the purpose of it.
Don't do much
I'm super-pro-mask & virus safety, but can confirm other comment - app will make your phone vulnerable to bluetooth hacking. Also, be aware bluetooth & Location Services must be on 24/7 to work. Location tracking may be a worthwhile tradeoff for saving lives & finding hotspots, but I permanently disabled Location on my phone for privacy concerns, so this app will not work for me. Please be aware of the risks, mask up, social distance, & wash your hands.
And people told us we were crazy when we said the government wanted to track your every move...
Covid is hoax. This isnt about a virus, this is about control. RESIST BEFORE ITS TOO LATE!!!
Is bod
This app is a scam. They are just trying to collect data. My device stalled after the install and I barely got my device working again. You people should be ashamed of yourselves. How dare you create ransomware like this. Go to hell you scammers.
This world is becoming more and more like Nazi Germany everyday. Hebrews 10:25
Cuomo, please STOP. Smoking crack is not good for your health.
Big Brother is watching you!
Why can't I use this with another COVID exposure notification app? I live near both NY and CT. This should definitely be something to consider. Terrible. I have to pick one state.
Can't pass the second screen - hit next to confirm
Buffers to death but does nothing else
Says my Bluetooth is off, but it is on (following the link to settings changes nothing) and the only other option is to turn it off. I have no idea how this app works because I was under the impression it was working this whole time and can't turn Bluetooth on when it already is on. BT works fine for my headphones its weird that this app says its not on.
The circle of death just going around while waiting for download for hours. So i finally hit cancel.
This app sucks!
Idk, not impressed at all. If its supposed to be designed to do one thing, its sure not doing it. Just asks you mostly about your current health stats thats it. 😒 I was hoping it really detects when such a people has it.
Stupid
I'm a part time uber driver and food truck employee & this app definitely does not work. I deal with hundreds of people on a daily basis. And I never gotten a notification,, either people are lying or contact tracing does not work and a waste of tax paper money
Keeps crashing
1 symptom should not trigger that I have COVID-19. I ANSWERED YES TO A HEADACHE. It is too sensitive.
The installation is not mandatory, so the app is pretty much just placebo.
More than useless. If everyone had this app and run it it might be okay.
Never worked
App does not work. Never alerted to exposure , when I know for a fact I was exposed
Dosen't Work, No Support. I click turn on & nothing happens. Bluetooth is on. NFC on. Uninstalled/reinstalled. Updated my phone. Installed again same problem. I wrote the developer over 4 days ago no response. Only an automated message: thanks for doing your part to stop the spread. SGS9.
Why is it being forced on us?
It's for NY. Why would I want this in CA Google?
I have an Apple device, it says it was installed but I don’t see it on my phone! Anyone having the same problem?
I'm curious on how anyone could defend this app when it violate HIPAA laws. If you go into a doctor's office and the secretary shows you her screen with someone else's name on the computer that's actually a violation of HIPAA laws so how is this not face it this app is illegal and should be removed as soon as possible or should be prosecuted to the full extent of the law
No good you click on your county and shows rate but the rate is not true the news you watch reports other numbers what is the true numbers nobody knows hope by next year after vaccines come out we be back by summer or winter
Does not work in conjunction with other covid apps. Must shut one off to use the other. Have NY and Connecticut. They will not work at the same time. Stupid!
Not Ready For Prime Time. Doesn't completely install.
Its stupid I have thyroid disease I have these daily all of them you no it's called any of those symptoms can be from other issues personally it's not a good app cause it should ask if you have any thing else that can cause these symptoms
God you people are DUMB....LOL, 1st thing I did was go around people I knew who were positive for covid, This app didn't do anything...🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 you liberal idiots.... and no...I didn't catch it either....
Just downloaded the app and it will not even open for me. Every time I try to open the app I get the same thing. I get booted right as soon as I try to access it. It really sounds like it is a good app to have and I hope the developers can update it and make it work properly, but until then I have to give 1 ★. Uninstalling now.
Have tried for 2 days and i can not get into it no matter what time of day it is..
I live in assisted living. I was a medical social worker& follow protocal in retirement.
Doea not alert you as advertised. It is useless in preventing or warning
Not for me
Useless
Installed just to leave a one star. You are agitating the public and spreading fear with this app designed solely to influence the election. Shame on you for being deceptive and morally bankrupt.
It's nothing but a biggest scammer ever because it doesn't work or doesn't do the job at all and I rather give it a big zero rating for it because it's sh** and it's not worth your own time because it hacks into your own computer and your own cellphone and I am going to warn you all about because it's a fake app
I can hack your phone through bluetooth if you have this app with permissions on
I had this app, feeling like it was my duty as a New Yorker to help where I could, but after realizing that my county was withholding numbers and not fully reporting the positive cases, I uninstalled it.
It keeps running in the background and running the battery life down on my phone Not cool at all , I realize Covid-19 is serious and it's good to know if someone is exposed but why run the app all the time in the background it serves no purpose other than killing the battery life of my phone .
Sucks
Never download this Spyware
Worst app anyone could think of making to constantly fear monger a virus proven less deadly than the common flu. You're crazy if you use this app unironically
You need to have bluetooth on 24hrs a day. Kills battery
The app seems like it'd be useful, and I really wish I could use it. Unfortunately, it won't let me turn on alerts. No matter how many times I tap the button to turn on alerts, absolutely nothing happens. Disappointing.
Pointless
I just get an error to check my network connection (which is fully functional), and it won't finish setup. I've tried downloading and installing multiple times over a couple months. Oh well.
Just uninstall. Stop giving NY state your life
It will not completely install
This is all blown out of proportion. Cuomo was found several times without a mask hugging people, he said rioting's ok, and then he wants to Communistly shut us down for so long. With the economy being crushed, the only people that want this to keep going are the public sector workers that get paid the same for doing Jack, and slums on welfare because why not, right? This is Bu**Sh**.
Takes entirely too long to load; I uninstalled in less than a week and might give it another try later.
Waste of time and storage space. What's the point of an app that only transmits data from the phone and never anything useful to the phone? Uninstalling and not looking back.
Contact tracers are worthless commie scum
My wife and I were contacted by the New York health department and told we have been exposed to COVID and we have to self quarantine. Both of us were next to our family member with our cell phones that tested positive for COVID-19 and this app has yet to alert us that we have been in close proximity to someone who has tested positive for Covid-19.
1.No one anywhere around me has this app installed rendering it useless in an orange zone. 2. Seasonal sinus drip reporting and the app says you have covid 19. RUBISH
Completely confused as to what this app is supposed to do.
Don't download this big brother junk.
This is stupid
Old data . None of this dose anything to prevent the spread. When the data is so old it its to late to do anything productive with
The reviews are a bunch of bots claiming that the app works right but it does not. Currently it's October 2 and the inapp information has not been updated since September 29. So I'm currently 2 days with outdated information.
App is completely useless . I drive through all five boroughs and went through Brooklyn along Williamsburg and saw hundreds of people with no masks on in a certain neighborhood and my phone didn't ring once but it's a covid hot spot. Then I went to uptown Washington heights and Dyckman and it didn't ring once either there.
This app no longer works
Local health department has no access to the code required when tested positive. App is useless if the health department cannot use it.
Dont like how this App Works in its effectiveness to sense when you have been exposed
It was working fine initially. After another update it took out the mortality rate. And now everybody is concerned about vaccine and it is not going to cover it. What is the point of this application at this time?
Garbage
Stop spamming me to install I'm not a scared sheeple
my bluetooth always on cause my wireless ear buds. I work in a clinic that does covid testing and people who have symptoms for covid. not 1 notification.
I love Quomo he is the best NYC mayor in the last 20 years. He is the sexyist hottest e boy president. Love the app. App gave covid only to Karen. App very hot and sexy. Unfortunately not enough BBC.
Caused 6 other apps to fail and stop working. Uninstalled from phone, but still getting this apps notifications when Bluetooth is disabled. Very disappointed. Not recommended.
This is stupid. Google the CDC weekly flu numbers and you'll see all these Covid numbers are actually flu. There's 23 total flu for 1 week in USA but a billion covid cases? Bullcrap. They just want to do "the great reset" .
Got hung up at the end of processing LiHeap Application at LANGUAGE ..i clicked ENGLISH THEN THE NEXT THERE WAS NO CHOUCE TO CHOOSE ENGLISH AGAIN...IMTRIED 3XS TO GET PAST THIS FINAL SCREEN AND FINIALLY CLICKED ARMENIAN OUT OF ANGER!! WOULDNT IT FIGURE IT THEN WORKED...I CANT READ OR SPEAK ARMENIAN BUT IT WORKED ODDLY...JUST NEED HEAT!!
Need to be more accurate
Thus app is useless, I got my liheap card and it says I can create an account and apply for it through the app, but there's LITERALLY nothing in the app except your name and information, not options to apply for liheap.
App is trash
Its not for people with disabilities or people app has too many flaws
terrible cant upload documents
It wont let you click on log in you can only create new account.. dont see what calling help line will do to fix app that doesnt work update app to allow people to log in. Had no issue til you made updates now it stop working all together.
Can't even apply for ebt I'm poor and waiting for unemployment.cant afford 
food.everytime I call welfare they say everyone is busy and hang up.cant 
get to the welfare office no car.live 20 miles away from it.they do this on 
purpose.
I'm so thankful that I am now locked out my account, and told to make a new one because "all my info is wrong and I answered the security questions wrong". I'm pretty sure I know all of the answers SINCE I SET THEM UP!
App is awful! This has to be the worst designed app ever created! It's not user friendly! It's crashes constantly! Makes you resubmit correct information several times almost makes you wonder if it's infected with a keystroke virus! Completely ridiculous! FIX IT OR GET RID OF IT! WASTE OF TIME!
can not get into it
Frustrating! I have updated changes but didn't save them and took entering the changes 5 times before I could submit them. Terrible! Such a waste of time.
They never receive documents on time.
I do not like this app I tried to login this morning and it didn't let me I created a new password and wrote it down didn't let me log in then it tells me to create another password which I did I put the same password and it tells me that password already exists but it still won't let me log in it actually locked me out of my own account, there's a red box on the top that states I'm locked out of my account cause I tried to put the password more than 5 times when i put my pass code 3 times SMH
I haven't been able to use the app yet. Everytime I put my user name and password in it says there info is not correct. So I change the password and try it again and it says the same thing. I called the help line and they tell me there's no reason why it's saying that and to try again. Wash rinse repeat. Wash rinse repeat.
Love the feature where I can snap a picture and send it in instead of having to drive to the office.
Sucks
Don't like it I can't change my case number to submit documents to new county. This app doesn't help
Told me I was using the wrong password WHICH I JUST CHANGED IT TO. The only way to log in is getting my account locked and creating a new one.
app doesnt work. i have a Samsung s8 and it doesnt even allow me the option of logining in. will only let me make an account, which i already have.
This app is not helpful at all! You can not get to saved applications or ANY applications at all, you have to use the full site NOT THIS APP!
I haven't been on here in months so when tried to sign into my account it told me I already had 4 out of 5 attempts to sign in and then when I signed in with my correct information, it still locked me out.
keep telling me my username is wrong
couldn't log in
I repeatedly have trouble signing in. Also, PLEASE CHANGE the birthday fill 
in. It takes me an additional 3 minutes or more because I have to scroll 
back to my birthday from a calendar. Add more choices to update documents 
like cloud, drive etc
garbage app that doesnt work. why can i only submit pictures for my documents? i have pdfs of statements that i then need to take a picture of and you stupid software crops the photo so its useless. uploading my own pics results in an all black screen.
Well, it would be nice if I could at least create an account, but this idiotic app won't even let me put my birth date in which is in 1971, every time I get to "71" it puts my birthday in 1980! AHHHHH!!!! completely frustrating
when I downloaded the app in try to press log in nothing happens it won't go to the login page so I can log in
the worst picture never show
Are you serious why wasn't this app tested Its a great idea but needs 
fixing it wouldn't take my username & the birthday wastes a lot of time, 
the screen just turn black on me 4 times i just uninstall it need to be fix 
& tested i dont feel safe with this at all
Deny workers comp and disability services. Really.
RTA: dropped this from 3 stars to 1 after trying to use it some more. 80% of this app doesnt work. Cant check your SNAP balance, cant put in email confirmation passcode, cant view alerts. Please change the input style for DOB. I had to scroll for several minutes before reaching my birth year. Just make it an input field not a calendar selection. Also when i upload photos of my documents it always rotates them sideways even though they are upright in my gallery.
Constant force stop and shut itself down.
horriable
When the app works, its convenient. But it literally almost NEVER works. It doesnt recognize my information most of the time. Then does the other times. I usually cant get past logging in. It makes me change my password, then its just hopeless. So many bugs on this app, which is crazy because unless you stop in in person, its near impossible to meet their requests.
The app would not work said my info did not match any on file when I have 
papes right in front of me
You need to put a better way to input someone's birthday instead of scrolling backwards on the calendar in my case 51×12 scrolls or finger taps. Why can't you just allow a keyboard to come up for an input of numbers. Very easy to program in an app. Thousands of then do it. You need to.
No many how many times I entered a answer, kept getting message: hint cannot not include words from hint. At 58 yrs old made you should consider your more mature users. create a way for use to see out password.
Can not create account
ZERO STARS. This app is horrible.😠😠 The ONLY reason I downloaded it was to make submitting my information easier. I submitted it at the beginning of the month. At the end of the month, I was told my information was never received. 😡😡 This could very well cost us our benefits. Don't download. You are better off faxing or mailing the information needed.
This new update is not working. I was fine with the older version
Are you aware your systems are down ?
I just downloaded app today and it WILL NOT let get pass the security q&a!! It keeps saying"hint don't use part of the question as your answer"Whaat? All I'm doing is picking questions and answers.and it won't accept them! I'm annoyed since I had only a day to get my information sent.so guess I'm out of luck!
was a really good app until the most recent update now it won't work
Don't  work
This app no longer works. It just stays on the first screen.
basic and limited
Always needs to be closed
I fill out everything easily but then it never allows me to sign and submit. Waste of time.
It doesn't even let you create an account. It keeps saying my information isn't in the records. I gave up.
I cannot log into my account it is completely frozen.
what the hell is with the Liheap info? won't allow you to see anything other than that. no log in button to push after you inter your info. SMH
This application has caused more grief and aggravation then helpful. Tried to create account and as soon as I reached hint questions part it keeps me from continuing. Telling me hint answer can't contain words from hint question, when not one word is in hint question smh. FIx your application developer. So much for making things less complicated. Did the opposite
Not allowing me fill out application the screen just loads and shows Compass and my name
Everytime I try to log in with my information it says it's incorrect. I was sent an email with my username and the app says it's wrong, Then I tried to make a new account, I followed the directions to making a new username and it said it was wrong
This is the worst app ever!!!! I've changed my username several times and each time, my info doesn't match what they supposedly have innthe system!!! But when try to register for another account, it will say existing username or person. Then i try to change my password because it supposedly says invalid password, which is clearly incorrect!! It will not allow me to change my password. Every time I login, there is a huge issue!!!! Fix it asap!!!!!!!
I don't used it
I hate this app. It tells me that I can apply for benefits online but it keeps sending me to the log in page. Totally frustrating.
This app is completely and utterly useless. A waste of government money. They make setting up an account literally impossible without your case number, you CANNOT actually apply for benefits thru the app and it doesn't work half the time anyway for the very little information it does give you (which is pretty much just "yes you get X benefit". Some tech company made millions $$ off this useless app. Remember to "thank" corrupt politicians for this waste of money.
I tried so many times to get a picture of my paystubs. It would take the picture, look fine. Then when the picture came up it would just be a line down the middle, or just cut off pieces that were in the actual picture.
New version isn't working keeps saying I have to install new version which I did, still says have to install new version to use. I tried uninstall and reinstall. No luck
always has a problem can never get into view account or application
Doesn't even load. Keeps coming up as an error , downloaded this 4 days ago .. useless
I tried so many times. I put all my information and it says error
It wont let me esign anything
The office and the app does not communicate with each other. The app is a waste of time.
will not send 6 digit verification number to email which in turn is not allowing me to sign in. Continues to say the problem is being worked on but its been 2 weeks now and is still not working. Gives me error code 500.
Should show you your SNAP balance not ship you off to a different app that NEVER EVER WORKS! It feels like a fishing scam.
Does not work very well
Always knocks me off of the website...Its very frustrating when i'm trying to complete things😡😠😡
Tried unsuccessfully all the times given to enter my password which was my correct password ; I can't get past change password... so frustrating yes....
extremely difficult. doesnt answer any questions. constantly trying to submit documents and it rarely works. useless app really.
Sux
This has got to be the worst app I've ever had to deal with. Not only me but everyone else who had to use it. Navigating through it is impossible, it just will not follow your commands. Terrible !!!!
The date set up is awful, you can't enter the paperless codes, and why the heck is the app checking in and utilizing my camera multiple times when I am not even on the app?
it sucks really bad
Very difficult to use.
Too confusing and irritating
If I go online and check it has different information than the app... The state of Pennsylvania still cant get it together? This is sad.
This app is terrible. It doesn't work it made me create a new account 5 times and each when I went back to login it kept telling me invalid login and then lock me out. I'm better off calling and sitting on hold for hours. At least the phones work. What do you mean still having problems. It didn't work period. I'm not going to keep wasting my time.
App is junk. Gives you wrong security questions. Does not have the right formatting for the birthday. Im not sitting there clicking back 4000 times to find my birthday. App need major work and reconfiguring. Learn how to make an app correctly.
Its a good app until u forget ur user name and password
Stupid. This is to help those in need. It is difficult with glitches and I could build a better app with my eyes closed and I dont even know how to build apps. But I bet you with 10 hours of research i could
it's a great app when it's working but after the update it wont let me log in and freezes
Slow and clunky. Literally the worst.
The app says I'm not connected to the internet when I am.
Two years since my last review and accounts that lock STILL force you to make a new account. I had two attempts remaining, tried again, and my account was locked forcing me to make, yet again, a whole brand-spanking new account. A terrible login system with plenty of dead accounts floating around. Whoever designed this needs to get fired.
will not let me do anything just goes to my compass blue screen I'm using an galaxy s10
could be easier to put a birthdate in
this is the worst app in the world, always in manteniance, the info is always outdated, one time I was waiting for a response 20 days, and then changed suddenly to denied and added a supposed notification with date of 15 daya before only to cover the mess NEVER trust nothing in this app
Maybe there's some setting on my phone to make it easier but the keypad covers up the password and I find no way that I can control the window so I can see my password as I type
Uninstalling. The app doesn't have many features other than to let you know what benefits you have and messages, and when I tried to log in to see if I had access to home health services it locked me out after I forgot password one time and wants me to go through the process of creating a new account which is just a hassle to find record information, etc. It just takes up memory on my phone at this point anyway. Maybe if it gets better I'll try again.
sucks as most government things do
It wont let me log in it keeps tellin me my password and user name is wrong and its not i think i would know my own name and password
Horrible the app is as worst at the people in the office. You guys shouldn't made app if it's never going to work properly.
downloaded it to submit some documents and it just froze. doesnt do anything! just the main screen. deleted the app and reinstalled it and says to sign in or create new user and no matter what I choose it does nothing!! I've been trying this for a few days. fix it!
I have been locked out for over six months and I am now able to get back in only after I have lost benefits. if one choose to go paperless but is unable to recover mailings, what benefit is this app to me. there is no benefit for the client, only the system. sad program that should be revamped completely. once I am able to switch back to paper contact, I will delete this app!
Updating review. Attempted to use app for liheap. It would not submit the application even though I was connected to wifi. I went on the computer and filled and submitted it through the computer. So far this app is one giant failure that has caused nothing but inconvenience. 1 more chance to get it right.
sucks
I try to log in but every time I do it says app is not available,try again later or you have been locked out after 5 failed attempts when I haven't tried 5 times.... useless....
Worst app ever developed. I've downloaded it on 3 different phones, so I know it's not me. Things dont work when you click on them, uploaded info never gets sent, it randomly tells you that your security question answers are wrong even if you just answered them 10 minutes ago. Horrible.
need to fix the bugs with this app popping open for no apparent reason when you select another app I had to reset my cell phone multiple times and it got to the point I just uninstalled it and reinstall it....
Completely unsecure. I've lost so much time trying to navigate this worthless app. You're better off just being uninsured or living in another state other than PA. God help us all
hard to locate stuff
freezes constantly, doesnt always upload, cant open notices
doesnt let met upload documents
My only problem is every time I get a message from the message center I can never open it I would have take the app off my phone and then wait a hour to put it back on I think thats crazy fix it now I can't login to my compass account
This appt be lying about TANF benefit
Now easy icon to do renewal
Trying to update because its telling me I have too. I have paper work due and I cant do it because it wont update or let me get on. I dont know what to do. They r going to cancel my benefits.
Went to log in tells me there's a new update available in the app store. Checked the app store and no update available
its not loading
Can't tell you anything about it. Thinking about uninstalling, because for 5 days now every time I try to log in all it says is app is unavailable try again later.  So I've never got use it!
Stupid does not work. Crash all the time...need a new app
It's not worth it cuz it keeps telling me the info I am putting in it wrong 
n I'm looking directly at it
U have to enter your birthday and scroll through thirty year. 5 stars if you can change to Manuel enter your birthday . Not user friendly app
Cant download update and cant log in
Not good
Every time I attempt to create an account at Step 6, it asks me about an exception or detail log that I have no idea about. Please fix this or I will be uninstalling this app.
I can't file in line with it this sucks and don't work
Won't let me log in with my current username or password so I tried creating a new one and it tells me every username possible is already taken. Was a nice concept if it actually worked
Glitchy pile of Trash! Click on something and it can literally take up to a minute... Literally. A. Full. Minute. ...to respond. My main problem was just registering! They make a long list of burning hoops... And, when there's a problem, they give you an error message & they didn't tell me what the problem was! So, I got the phone number off of the website (I haven't been able to find it in the app!) and call them and they huff & they puff with their arrogant attitudes, proving that they don't want to help or talk to anybody, talking about how `the website's this & the app is that`. I even had one lady tell me that they don't know anything about the app, they don't help people with the app, if you got the app "you're screwed and you're on your own". The. PIG. Actually. Said. This. To. Me. The app is trash! It was a terrible idea!
New update keeps crashing upon opening... I can't use it. Also the old version made me tap backwards month by month to my birthday in the 70s. Please tell me you fixed that.
There's nothing useful on this app
Cant even make an account, says app is down
It sucks!!
Horrible. Would not even let me do the hint questions. Kept saying not to use the hint words in my answer. I didn't. Uninstalling.
would be nice if the app actually worked and not freeze every time on home screen if the app worked then leave it alone.
Did not get my deposit yet. Site and app are down so I cannot check status.
once I updated it became useless like the inventor of the app toll free number does not do anything
it doesn't work🤦‍♀️cant log in,keeps timing out or wont load at all
problem is log in and message center
Take forever for anything to load, constantly logs me out in the middle of doing anything, huge hassle trying to log back in. This app will consume any free time you may have and then some. For it just being updated there is still way too many things needing fixed. Guess that's why government funded things just never work correctly.
Constant error: app unavailable
Doesn't let me see account information
This app ain't no help for me I can't fill out a new app and no one on this app can help me
Why is this app still not working it's been saying your working on the issues well over 3 months ....
i could not get passed the sign on screen
Horrible
Stupid app is a waste of time.  I uploaded documents important to processing my case and now over a week later,  my case worker nor customer service has gotten any of it😡
Once i updated the app i can no longer log in
not letting me login
it won't let me setup an account! it ask for one out of 3 or the code for chip etc.. so i pick one and it won't let me continue so i call the number and no one answers! VERY FRUSTRATING!
If I can't login in and/or navigate this app, how in the heck does those not familiar w/ the internet?
This app makes submitting documents a breeze and it's so simple to use. Way 
better than taking time off of work to go into the office.
Unfortunately for me. It just didn't work. It wouldn't allow me to upload my documents. And Everytime I clicked on the button it just pulled up the letter.
do not open
Can't even use app to write a proper review. It instantly crashes every time I open it. I tried deleting and redownloading to no avail.
Thanks for taking away access for older devices, poor ppl dont have money to get new phones every year. THINK ABOUT WHO IS USING YOUR APP!!!!!!! Now im locked out of the app due to a forced password reset that wont work. SHITTIEST APP ON THE MARKET
Ducks can't even sign in
Can get in wrong user name wrong password tried to many times, what am I doing wrong?
I couldnt get in the app
it sucks half the time stuff u put on here dont get seen
Horrible experience
app keeps closing
Trash. Waste of time. Does not allow you to enter the passcode that it requires.
No matter how mamy times i put my correct password in, it tells me its 
wrong. Ive even changed my password and of course im still wrong. Cant do 
anything
WON'T DOWNLOAD! EVERY YEAR I HAVE ISSUES WITH THIS! THAT IS WHY I REQUEST A PAPER APPLICATION! MARCIA WHITE .
This is the most horrible app I've ever seen you have not covered all the options that people have when they're answering questions and you do not allow for those questions to be answered correctly
Had so much trouble logging in that I gave up
I've tried to set up an account but cant get past setting up the security questions. So frustrating 🙄.
I am NOT going to hit the back button 697 times to enter my birthdate!
9/3/2020 - Working to get my renewal info in using your (cr)app & it hasnt been a fun time i assure u. 1) keeps timing out (logging me out) - while im actively using it which is Awesome cause it makes me log back in everytime and THEN about 4th time it does that it wont recognize my log in details any longer so it makes me start a brand new account. 3X Today. FML - also says the info i uploaded isnt there so Yeah. Wish i didnt know how to program apps so u could hire me.... Hey wait...
It use to be a great app. But for about a month or longer now i cant log in to my account. It keeps saying wrong password(when its not) ...so after several attemps I hit the " forgot password" & change it. Its says password change successful -Log in . So i go to log in with new password still saying wrong password.... So until its fixed i had no choice but to lower my rating.
Had to scroll 38 years to select my birthday on the calendar because the 
option to manually enter your birthday wasn't available when i was creating 
an account. Now I cannot upload new document verifications or view 
documents that i already uploaded.
It's hard to login, and change passwaord.
Makes things more difficult than they should be
it constantly has to restart or statets that i have no wifi or service connection
the state of Pennsylvania SUCKS
Always tells me my information is incorrect.. have to keep recreating accounts super annoying
Wont let me do anything at tells me app isn't working and it is being fixed to try again later
ridiculous to have a calendar widget to enter date of birth for a 90 year old person they'd have to click back on the calendar 1000 plus times to get to their birth year?????
As is usual if it's made by the state it doesn't work. This same issue existed when the compass website first went live. If you fix it properly I'll consider installing it then. Right now it's not worth the space on my devices.
It doesnt work i cant log in tried for two days now it keeps saying app 
unavailable try again later .
This app is hardly helpful when it works, the website isn't very reliable either. It's basically become impossible for me too get anything through here to work.
DOES NOT WORK FOR MY GALAXY S8+
If I could give zero stars I would. MULTIPLE TIMES my and my fiances 
benefits have been cut because of this app not getting uploads to the 
people who have the power to "cut the cord" on our benefits from lack of 
evidential paperwork. It has been a NIGHTMARE to get things sorted out. App 
submitted only PART of my SAR so while pregnant I lost my food stamps...App 
uploaded but did not submit a work termination letter for my fiance so it 
held up BOTH our benefits.. Do not make an app for submitting benefit 
documents if it's success rate isn't even 50%!
logging in is a pain without being able to type date of birth in.
Very confusing
Can't create account
Absolutely the stupidest app I have ever dealt with. Definitely NOT user friendly. An issue every time I try to log in. Also logging in isnt enough... you still have to enter other info once you do. If it randomly sends you back to confirm ID page, and it will, says info doesn't match. All I want to do is check my balance but I'm so frustrated with this stupid app I'll never use it again. It's pretty bad when you'd rather call and type in 16 numbers. Piss poor. Fix it.
Useless Keeps closing automatically when you open the app. Unable to complete anything. At least it keeps people from getting benefits, so I guess it's doing what it was designed for.
The app is absolutely horrible. Start over. Every thing overlaps and almost impossible to navigate without it timing out no matter how quick and having to start completely over after entering entire application info....worthless.
app was working until recent update!! Now wont let me login or anything. You can only create a new account. Absolutely ridiculous
App always worked for me with no problems until this latest update. Can't move past the log in screen
Won't let me open it To enroll in it
Terrible app. When I try to log in, it tells me that my security question answer is invalid, even though I set it up online. Garbage.
keeps crashing.... and I sent in my SAR and now got mail saying I didn't. I don't think the system is send in our information.
This app needs a lot of work I know my login info but according to this I don't exist I don't have no benefits it don't match with whatever your system has this is just horrible I hope I don't get cut off because of this app do y'all abedin about not sending the paper in the mail
Ever since I updated, it keeps crashing and won't open!
How can I make a profile when you don't even inform me on my case number. This is why I want to have an individual instead of automated.
Version 4 and I still have to scroll back 62 years, month by month, to enter my DOB. Why am I NOT surprised.
it keeps freezing up it does not work I hate it
doesnt load
Would not take my password or pictures I took
Its not letting me upload my documents for my case,Very disappointed!!
I used to use this app all the time now it doesnt work very disappointing I have Samsung galaxy s9
This app was craptastic downloaded in emergency and my password expries 3 times before even using the app and THEN it locks me out because apparently it knows my password better than me. I'm not an idiot I'm aware of making sure u put her password in right. Waste of a download and space.
The app sucks! Literally downloaded the app 15 mins ago and hate it! I had 
to scroll all the way through the calender to year 1991 from 2018. That's 
ridiculous! Then once I was able to sign in, the app crashes. Immediately 
uninstalling, and severely don't recommend anyone wasting their data or 
time downloading it!
I used the app to submit my semiannual renewal for snap. They never checked it and sent ne a paper form saying my application wasnt completed before the due date. I have not received my snap benefits for this month. I have called both the customer service and my caseworker, emailed several times and still nothing. It is almost Thanksgiving. I have had to use the money i had saved up for my childrens christmas to get us food. I dont no what to do
Fn suck
Tells me Itried5times when it was only1
Useless. I've sent them documents twice & all DHS can say is "we didn't receive it, sometimes the app doesn't work, send it again". I've done MY part, I sent my paperwork on time.
absolutely horrible when trying to add photos of documents only shows little sliver of the full photo I have to take 30 pictures just to get one right
Difficult and clunky to use.
I shouldnt have to go through 30 years just to get to my dob .. 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😠😠😠
was working just fine. since i updated i cant even into the application ):
It keeps telling me to "Please check the detail or exception log for actual error." how am I supposed to check that?
Study unheard of ...failure...yours
I've downloaded the app thinking I'd also be able to view my current balance well that isn't the case.
since update won't let you log in froze on welcome screen
It won't let me login. Saying wrong info at sign in. Its the right password and username. It locked me out after only trying once. This is very inconvenient!!! Stephanie
This stupid app keeps locking me out. It won't let me log in after last update!!!!
Keeps shutying down
I don't see an option to report changes to my case
won't download for me and site tells me nothing about benefits but i got a email saying i got a notice so i can not read it or even see it and i get nothing through the mail (postal)
very difficult to upload/take/submit photos; not user friendly yet sadly
This is the worst app ever!
App does not work on a galaxys9. I uninstalled and reinstalled twice. I didnt even get a option to log in just a blue screen. Plz fix I found this app very helpful in the past
Half the time is down and they can't even see your documents submitted... I have a great camera on my android and they can't even see the ones that I upload from my files...
It sucks because I can't use it cause it won't allow me to put my birthday 
in when it asks there for I CAN'T and WON'T USE IT!!!!!!
Don't waste your time with the app, either go down in person or go to the website.
The documents that I was sent through the app sometime did not come out clear and they said they couldn't see the information with left me frustrated
Cant link benefits with the app, every number they ask to enter is wrong
Circles !! The infinity sign should be symbol. USE that instead of the Pennsylvania state symbol !! I CANT GET HELP WITH COMPASS, METRO, SOCIAL SECURITY, MY BANK WELLS FARGO, IRS STIMULUS, PUA UNEMPLOYMENT!!!! THIS ONLINE CONVENIENCE IS AN INCONVENIENCE! OR MAYBE DISCRIMINATION BECAUSE IM WHITE
bad
Wouldn't install
can't upload files only pictures
Will not even open.
One of the worst apps I ever downloaded! Never works, always down for "maintenance", the answers you use for your security questions never seem to be right or match up. You'll have better luck actually calling the assistance office!
Couldnt give half star app wont send info n is very slow
Waiting for over 30 mins to begin downloading the app. Hmmm. Worth it?
All i wanted to do was renew my benefits and i wasnt able to figure out how to do it.
This app sucks ass not easy like it says logs you out before letting you enter your information and every information it ask for they say it wrong
It does not allow me to type in my birth date. I cannot possibly scroll through years of calendar months!
Congratulations on creating a completely useless app. It takes forever to do anything now with all the "improvements" you've made. Did no one bother to improve performance?
This app is a joke.. doesn't matter how many time you input the cores r 
information it still says it's wrong.. this app could be useful and 
drastically cut down the amount of people who have to go into the cao but 
it doesn't work at all. Even the people you call to help with the app can't 
help or don't know anything they should delete this app. And stop wasting 
everyone's time
Putting in your date of birth takes 20 minutes because you need to scroll past every month and year. And, when I needed to confirm my identity it kept freezing on the part when I need to submit a passcode.
Horrible!!@!
Terrible App rejected a written down pass word said I exhausted 5attempts to sign in after one attempt made upon start up on the app after more that a month of non use of the app forcing me to create another account absolute Bull@$#
The password field only allows for 15 characters and mine is longer than that so I was never even able to log in. I'm not making my passwords weaker just to use an app.
It's been almost 2 years. I just tried to reinstall and it still won't let me log in!! Continues to not allow me to log in at all whatsoever! Why create an app that doesn't have the ability to consistently work right? I have changed my username and password and it still doesn't allow me to log in. It continues to be stuck in a loop where I can enter in my DOB and last 4 of my social and then Nothing! It will send me passcodes to the correct email address only to tell me that I can't log in! 🤨😐
Its sucks cause u still get ur paperwork late can't find what I need its just as bad as the office
I don't know what's going on but I haven't been able to login to this app for months now. I can't even get past the blue screen with the woman looking at a phone to get to the login screen. I have uninstalled and reinstalled several times and nothing.
Hard time creating an account!
its awful and not ussr friendly, still netter than the xegradation of the wellfare office though.
I had to create 2 new accts because this app says i put my password in wrong 5x which is false i pout it in correct and it did not relate and locked me out then Addis for my participant # or paces# and again that#i entered is"wrong" I'm fed up with this app! I don't get my notifications on time because i can't reenter and it takes space up on my for nothing get out together already this app is not new also there is always maintenance being done but still same issues
Repeated crashing while trying to upload documents and having to start over.
I'll give it 4 stars once I know for sure that my caseworker got my documents.
Horrible
I can't get past security questions 4/5 I waisted about 2 hours trying this it kept timing me out, saying also security answer can't be a part of the  security question,  I'm trying to figure out how is that even possible,  this is not good.  You all need to fix this stuff, you are helping no one at all
Has not been working for over a month giving you the ability to upload items as you are told you can.
I put my name and it's telling me that my name can't contain numbers but I'm not putting numbers!
constantly force closes on its own doesnt stay open ling enough to actually fill anything out . Bug needs to be fixed
Will not download
I created an account on the website, downloaded this app and cannot log in..After entering user name the enter password section is covered by a Liheap announcement that won't let me remove it to continue with loggin..I called the the mobile app customer serv number and the representative was VERY CONDESCENDING AND RUDE as well as COMPLETELY of NO help whatsoever. I have uninstalled and reinstalled 3 times now as well as restarting my phone...UUUGH
What's the point of this app if it won't even let you log in! On my first attempt I was told to update my password. Then I tried logging in with that password and was told it wasn't the right password! I literally copied and pasted the new password from my password manager into the password field and it said it was wrong! Fix this or I'm uninstalling!
NOT USER FRIENDLY
You shouldn't promote apps that say they're downloading but really aren't.
cant NOT RENEW APPLICATION ON THIS APP
Terrible navigation information to find basic services. Difficult to find specific online application forms. Will often revert you to main compass website to file applications having to sign in into account several times when referred over then trying to get back again. Not really worth the app phone memory space when it just sends you back to main compass site. No benefits with downloading site only to get frustrated with navigation VERY LIMITED.. Easier to directly go main compass website.
It doesnt have a forgot password option, and I know I wasnt using the wrong 
one but it makes me reset it everytime.very frustrating
It keeps saying the app is unavailable that there's a problem and it needs to be fixed its been like that fix it cause other people seem to be having the same problem.
doesnt upload nor take pictures correctly. gotta keep trying until it captures docs correctly. i hate that!!
Upload doc button is not working, which is the thing that would make the app useful. Downtown Pittsburgh PA has litterally no parking, weird location choice for a physical location if you ask me, there are plenty of options that are just as easy to access by bus, downtown is impossible by car. So upload doc button working would be useful.
ive been trying to do the annual report on this app but cant even find where to do it.
Nothing works right. I've updated my information multiple times and it 
never changes. Like others I can't get my SAR, and now everything is late, 
and my benefits have been cancelled.
Many glitches in the flowity of the apps links. Repeatedly getting kick out to login back in and have to start from the beginning as nothing was saved. I never received a link for the my SAR. I tried to login into the compass website to find it would not accept my login name and password. I got a red warning screen that my password expired and I needed to update. I attempt this and it tells me my login name can not be found. Back to the app, can login in with my original info, still no SAR acces
this app is garbage. it never has access to my files. logs me out. no info on who to contact when you need something.
The website and app suggests you can apply for benefits but you just can't. There's no way. It's most frustrating and annoying thing ever. Lazy development
I don't recieve my notices on the app, I signed up for paperless
Everytime I try to log in it tells me I am not connected to the internet which I am. Hate this app.
can't do anything
😳 everything was working just fine until last update. everything froze. i uninstalled n reinstalled n now not recognizing any of my info. soooo disappointed bcuz im waiting for important info. so now i uninstalled restarted phone, installed again and log in button is froze n wont open very very frustrating. lotsa bugs
Abosoluty Horrible. This app doesn't seem to work i have to press on a button and takes 4ever even if it works at all. Even the website has issues so frustrating 😫
I have tried so hard to get into it at no avail. Every time I try to login using different usernames or passwords no matter what I try there's no way to login. Sometimes is my name it doesn't recognize, my social, my case number. No matter what I use is useless. I have spent hours to get into it and it's making me crazy.
I forgot I had this app. When I tried to log in the first time, I got a message that said I had 5 unsuccessful tries and have to open a new account. I changed my information and my pin and it tells me once again that it was wrong. I tried calling the number for the help center and you don't even have the option to leave a message. It just tells you to call back because all representatives are busy. Very frustrating!!!!!!
It's not giving me the option to login!
Terrible nothing works right. Kicks you out. it's been a nightmare
Second time trying this .both times I go through the long aggravating 
process of entering my bday...gives more issues about security questions I 
finally make account I try to login 5 times and it tells me to make a new 
one ...frustrating and pathetic can never get through to the compass app 
help hotline either for help pointless
Can't generate a user id
I forgot my password, it lets me change it, but it won't let me submit the change..
I cannot read the forms because I ca not expend them. My printer broke so I would like to be a le to read forms and decisions on applications for for inhave to print them.
app sucks it crashes over and over again it lets people with the same email make accounts it freezes and is not easy to work
Keeps lockin me out
Does no let you put you date of birth what a piece of crab of aap
It sucks
Entering my birthday as one of the means of verification forces me to scroll through every month from 2019 back to 1968! Let us just type in the numbers. Also, this site crashes way too often.
Useless. Can't upload documents from Adobe Acrobat. The only reason I installed it was because the humans can't find the emails I sent to them with my information.
Absolutely terrible! Can not access it at all
I'm not able to set my retrieval answers and have no idea why. It keeps saying can't have the same words that are in the hint questions and there aren't any. I'm confused.
Keep locking me out.. doesn't acknowlede my log in info..
Cant get it to download the update
This app is terrible! It says recently updated?! Slow and glitchy. Information wasnt accurate. You can't type in your birthday, you have to scroll through hundreds of screens to find it. It sends you a passcode, waiiiiiiit for it, come back and it wont work, screens get stuck, it sends alerts but they wont download, and some had future dates? The upload feature is not easy. I just called the state hotline with questions. Being on hold for an hour was easier than using this app.
it sucks
It won't let me login. I can't remember my answers to the security questions. But when I try the 6 digit code that was sent to my email, it doesn't let me type it into the box. It does let me hit the exit button and the "would you like to try a security question?" button but not the giant text box to type in my code.
Trash
New update causes crashing. Told me my password was expired. Changed password, and it told me my password was incorrect and locked my account! Used to be helpful, now its just a waste of space.
It won't work. Keeps saying it's working on the app.
Terrible constantly crashes then tells me my information is incorrect when it's not incorrect. overall it's a terrible app and needs large improvements.
Too many bugs. Stop working in the middle of checking something and opens 
up after you exit.
it's great and everything but the app is not working now I need to update some of my case and it won't let me log in it keeps showing the page when u hit the app
terrible app. after stating my password expired it promted me to chang my password. after changing it, my password does not work . i chanded it again and still not working. now i have chaned it 3 times and still nothing. this was my only way to send information and is delaying things for me!
Dl two times, it wouldn't except correct info. 💩 app! But look what it is... A gov-state app!!!! But to learn they would force a need of the app upon you. Hmmm, I still say No! 😡
Cant fill out form
the App does not allow me to edit my personal info as it shows on the App Tour. It is virtually unusable to me.
It's a really good app! The only thing is we should be able to type our DOB (ex. 11/11/xxxx) instead of having to use the mouse and clicking back all the way to your year
I downloaded it twice and uninstalled it twice, still I can go no where past the opening screen.
Your app sucks and is no good to me I'm always told I have the wrong username and password and had to create a new account five times because I'm being locked out of my account I've even tried to reset my password for my account and it keeps telling me that I can't use the hint words that are in the hint question for my answers and the answers that I give don't have anything to do with the hint words that they are talking about and still can't use them so therefore I have uninstalled the app
This app sucks!!! It won't let me log in
Website says to download the app to apply for benefits. Once in the app, I was directed to apply via the website. Waste of time. Don't download unless you already have benefits.
I can't even get my SAR form.. I've uninstalled and reinstalled so many 
times I've lost count. Now I'm late on turning it in and that just adds 
more stress to my day. Ugh hopefully no one else has this problem
App never works for me. Will show my current info but i am never able to select anything or even type in my pass code to update my information. Pretty much useless.
very hard to use
App glitches too much. Most times than not i have to force stop the app just to re log in and access it. My SAR form never uploaded or notified me one was due so I lodt my benefits and had to reapply. The app is just a huge hassle where I thought it would be easier.
I can't log in. It wanted me to update my password and then says the password is wrong when I try to log in. What happened?
Uploading documents is a difficult process. Having taken perfectly normal pics with my phone, the app then uploads only part of the pic, or just a blank white screen. Even after taking and retaking until the app decides to upload them properly, you must then submit them to the Compass website. So far, this has only worked properly 1 out of 3 times. Horrible app!
Horrible!!! It only works half of the time and it's delayed.
wont let you log in. just keeps freezing.
Every experience with compass has been a nightmare! Not even resourceful....
If you create a password, it immediately stops working.
Never lets me on the App
Never let me back in my account always says unavailable
Had suddenly stopped working for me, refused to let me reset a password, and caused a lot of headaches. Luckily I didn't need this for very long.
It would be nice if I could do SAR on website than have to use app. It's easier to upload documents since they're on my computer and not my phone.
It takes u on a maze of things to press that u didnt even want to go to...its like really...then come to find out almost all of our info was wrong
Too confusing and won't let you put all the data in to complete
I have not been able to log in for over 2 weeks now . Says my information was incorrect , so I changed it and now it said that is incorrect. I never had issues with this app until now , not sure what is going on but right now the app is junk . Keeps saying 4 out of 5 tries incorrect when I only tried logging on once . Please fix !!!!!!
Just logged me out after 1 try of bad password an now i have to create a whole new account .
Oh it's always down and never lets me in that's so far in the last 12 years I've never gotten
Wouldn't open at all.. keeps crashing all time
The app stopped working for me a few months ago after an update. I uninstalled it but now it won't let me install it again. The website isn't much better imo.
Never am able to get into app
Always crashes or won't load
The calander to enter your birthday makes you go to The year page by page.
I was told i could update or create an application and i cannot
Tendria como cambiar de idioma y no esta no sirve.
I hate this app. It always tells me my password is wrong and or my security question. I can't check my account because I'm always locked. I know for a fact my password and security question is not wrong
Not user friendly cant figure out how to use it more difficult than hust going and waiting or filling out the papers
The new version of this app is not compatible with any of my devices so I can't use it anymore.
I had submitted my info as requested n even tho I had proof on my phone welfare said they didnt have it in th set it system n my fb ood stamps were closed still trying to fix it
Now, with the updates, I cannot open up my Compass account and access data I desperately need for my rental assistance 😫 I would give it zero ☆ if it were possible 😀
Useless. Even after confirming my username and password it still gives me a wrong entry error and locks me out. Seriously the most useless app ever. Contacting their 'help' does absolute bupkiss and now the phone line practically shames you for using it and not this horrible bit of coding. If 0 stars were possible I'd give it that.
I appreciate the idea of this app if it makes it easier. Unfortunately, so far it has been extremely tedious. Entering the birthday takes quite awhile. Loading documents (both by using the in-app camera and uploading saved docs from my phone) does not seem to be working either. The images are just thin, grey lines. Additionally, I took an update for the app and now it will not progress pass the first screen so that I can sign in. I uninstalled it from my device, and am now re-installing it.
Still haven't received my access card
Horrible
keeps force closing and not recognizing my information.
Please send me a app in the mail. I wrote out a review and this app went back to nothing. I'm not rewriting it again.
My case has been updated and it still doesn't show on this app it needs to be fixed
I have to keep force stopping the app for it to work and it won't let me put in my passcode to switch to paperless. This app has way to many glitches to be dealing with personal information.
This app is horrible. Lots of error messages, always says "temporarily down. Try again later"
cant see anything. the update doesnt work. Again the app is down and has been for 3 days. 2/27/2020
It's horrible crashes all the time
Can anyone tell me what devices this app is compatible with because my  device is not compatible with the version I only put the one star because I don't have the app so I'm not able to rate it but I had to put something to put my review up
app wont open so i can log in
App is so complicated that is doesn't even respond to its own prompts. When asked to respond to security questions I did & ONLY to be told that I can't answer with questions app asks. Total setback for the POOR
My sar is ndue and cant access the eapplication to renew my benefits
I cant log in or use the app
Have had no sucess with this app. Can't log in, can't get set up.
Most piss poor app ever invented
crashes often
i updated thisbapp today abd niw it wont load pass the hone screen of the app. not happy at all. this is where i submit all my info.
Go back to the drawing board and get better IT Specialists, that know what 
they've learned and can apply it
You spelled "Computer" wrong, it's not spelled "compluter". FYI, thanks for handling my food stamps and medical assistance. Can't spell computer, but wants me to talk to a person at a 1-877 number to resolve the issue. Laughable.
Literly just downloaded it. Not user friendly. In the middle of working get repeated error message "it looks like you're no longer connected." I would like to give it the benefit of a doubt and blame it on the network aon or device, but why does it only happen on this app?
since new updates all I get is a blue screen with no way of logging in. I even reinstalled it
This app is garbage. It doesn't allow me to create an account to do anything just like all the other bad reviews say. Great use of tax dollars!
It is horrible. It keeps jumping to the main screen
this app is awful!!! it wont let me type in it. i cant put any passcodes they send me! if it actually worked it would be awesome since i live on the outskirts of susky county and going to the montrose office isnt a reality.
can't even log into the app no more.
I like this app, when its working. Ive been trying to get on for the past 3 days and its been down saying the problem will be fixed soon.
Have to enter information numerous times. Continuously asked to provide passcode, tried three times to enter new employment information and still would not accept my entries
App updated, totally froze it up and it did nothing. Deleted and reinstalled. Worked for about 15 seconds, would not allow log in, only new account and then froze again completely. Now won't go passed the main screen just like after the update.
For a few months now all it has been saying is "The app is unavailable right now we are working on fixing the issue" hasn't been fixed I'm trying to submit my documents because none of the documents I submit via mail noone seems to get.
He needs a lot of work You should be able to contact your caseworker through the app but you cannot something's upload and some things down but when it is working it is a good app
I can not do anything on the app.
All kinds of problems. You can't punch in your birthday so you're forced to use the calendar in which you have to click back to you're calendar month and year. RIDICULOUS! Try the passcode they send to your email, you can't enter it, it's frozen. Waste of time!
It will not let me log in, after I changed my password keeps saying wrong username or password.
I keep getting emails for notices but when I log in the app keeps saying there are no notices
Not user friendly at all.
Almost as horrid as the website version. For example, to enter your birth date, you have to manually swipe from the current year back to your birth year which could be decades ago. And every time you make a change, it triggers TFA. Stupid, untested design to be expected of government software.
this app is difficult to take pictures on
Still more issues. The app said it needed updated so I did. Now it keeps saying it needs updated although it already has been. It does not let me type my user name or password either. The full website is apparently having issues as well. Good thing I don't currently have anything that is time sensitive. (Old review)constant issues. someone was able to change my birthdate somehow. constant issues getting benifits on time due to lack of the app working and case workers not looking into it.
Keeps telling me user ID and/or password not correct and locked me out. I know it's right, I just made the account 😔
The photos teying to upload documents is awful. 17 times to take a pic of a document that needed to be submitted. Extremely frustrating.
It keeps login me out its very annoying when it takes forever to get a hold of someone on the phone if ur lucky n them to tell to use this app there funny
new update will not allow me to open app
I have an android phone. The app does not respond to touch screen feedback. Tried creating an account, won't register my county. Tried viewing my benefits, touch screen not responding. Utterly useless thanks
Submitted a document on August and they said they never received it so I had to go personally to drop it off so they can process it and now I can't even use it
Doesn't work. Never worked. I enter my correct password once, it states I've entered the incorrect password five times and says my account has been locked as a result. I then go to the website, enter the exact same password, the account opens right up. not only does the application erroneously state that I have entered the wrong password, it's literally does not perform the Locking action it is supposed to in the event the incorrect password is actually entered five times. Absolutely useless.
app helps but ultimately useless because you have to use the computer to do anything like applying
what developer do i have to punch in the face for making me scroll through 34 years of calendars because there is no option to type your date of birth?
cant login.
This app is stupid doesnt work half the time and. Is always getting worked on! Whats the point if it only works 1 day out of 6 months 😡😡😡
I applied for a service. Three times since, I've not been able to log in and told to "try later". Going to have to call and see if what I applied for even went through.
It wont work, it says my sign in info doesnt match. I've checked it's all correct & I've even called in on it & they said it was fixed just give it an hour & try it. So I waited & nothing still wont let me log in.
Sucky
I cannot get past the agreements at the very end of making an account. It gives me an error message every time.
Bad lack of connection resppnse.
Keeps freezing and closing out, I also created an account with a similar username and password as my other accounts not related to this yet it keeps telling me my log in info is incorrect now I'm locked out and have to recreate my profile. Complete waste of time
Horrible
APP SUCKS!!! IT LOCKED ME OUT A YEAR AGO, DOESN'T RECOGNIZE MY SOCIAL, GIVES ME WRONG ANSWERS TO MY SECURITY QUESTIONS. OF COURSE ITS NOT GOING TO MATCH!!! IT LOCKED ME OUT AGAIN. ASKED ME TO CREATE NEW ACCOUNT AND I'M LOCKED OUT ALSO. -STARS 😡
Does not give a lot of info
this version not compatible with my ZTE phone. don't know what to do. HELP PLEASE!!!
Absolute worst..can't even in log Tried to recover through my email won't let me..tell me wrong login information
Hard to use. Ask for birthdate but you can't provide year
veary bad app! send information and never recieved on your end. delays my benefits every time. not using again.
This app does not recognize any data that is logged into the states computer. Cannot even log in. Used all correct info and does not recognize me. Take the slip out of your mailer. Its a waste of time.
Didn't make my account lousy app
My experience was terrible. It won't let you punch in your date of birth and then the thing freezes up. It's a total waste of time. You can't create an account. I tried several times.
crashed when i try to open it every single time. Deleted it as soon as i downloaded it.
does not allow you to log into existing accounts
App does not work. Using Galaxy S9+ & app doesn't allow user to login. The app does not respond when used selects login option. The app will allow for the creation of a new account but won't allow for the login. Uninstalled & reinstalled.... still doesn't work.
This app was great for submitting my applications but that's it. I can't view our case, I can't see our benefits, I can't do anything else through this app.
Dificult to fill out SAR form
I uploaded that I pay all utilities and filled it in my update. I do not understand why it's There???
The app has been down for maintenance and it states that at 4pm December 10th it will be back up. Well, its not back up and it can't be used. There are many issues with this app. It needs to be fixed.
Horrible. Always have a problem signing in
It is hard too find where I need to add new information. Wish it was simply under the menu area.
It has been down for days!!!!!!!!!!
You can never see your messages that are sent to you
I HAVE TO CONSTANTLY UNINSTALL THEN REINSTALL BECAUSE IT STOPS WORKING
App sucks. I literally just created an account and then when trying to sign in it tells me my info is wrong. I just created it. It's not wrong. Can't even use it. So I deleted it
glitches, force stops, continually have to log out and back in the experience is similar to sitting in the welfare office
This app has my benefit dates all mixed up! I can tell it's nothing but problems and is not worth whatever it's for.
Couldn't even start a new account
It said you have to update it to sign in and I updated and I still cannot sign in.
Most of the time wont work
I don't appreciate having to have the app to view messages. Also, there has 
to be a better way to enter you birthday.
Have used the app to change my password 3 times. The app still will not let me log in, even right after I use it to change my password. The app hasnt worked in months.
As of right now.if I could I would give it a zero. I have been trying to make adjustments and update things on it multiple times now and none of the changes are being put in or updated correct. So I have to either assume it's the app or the employees.
Waited months to figure out how to get this App and now it tells me I apparently dont know my own name and social. I put it in but it keeps telling me i am wrong. Cant log in. So the many months are wasted time for nothing. Worthless f/%&:;€£App.
when the app opens it wont let me in. sometimes it doesn't give any options and when it does they dont work
Cant find where i am supposed to fill out my SAR.
Scam artist add came up as i was trying to apply for my liheap benefit ( for medicade) ,which i did not want to apply for, and did not let me finish, i was just blocked out. Just how long is this download supposed to take. I thought that is was already loaded and thought that it was ready for use, but got hacked not knowing it wasnt even ready for use yet. Yes this is very frustrating!!!!!
This app sucks!! U can't go thru it without it kicking you out!!
how isnt this against the law for exposing people who use assistance....
Have extreme difficulty uploading documents and if I try to read any pdf files from the message center the whole app freezes.
The worst...wont let me sign in
Hated it locked account ouldnt remeber password how do I I get unlocked
I'm not sure exactly what the issue is, but ever since it updated I cannot seem to open it on my phone at all. I have deleted it and reinstalled it several times and each time it will not let me log in I can't even get it to go to the log in page. I have downloaded it on to my note 8. And before the update it worked perfectly!
It won't download !!
Tried logging on after verifying my account on the desktop site and was told my password was incorrect. When I tried changing my password in the app I received a error message telling me I was no longer connected to the internet. I tried using wifi and cellular data and got the same error both times. After trying that I went back to the desktop site and was able to long in with no problems
Can not get in to my app and I important paperwork I have to fill out
Can't even get this app to open keeps crashing. So now not only Is the website telling me my social security number is wrong but now app is useless too... They make this so challenging.
Download app works. Try to go back in and can't. The screen either turns gray or white so I have to delete app and reinstall keeps happening.
Just downloaded this app. I logged into my account and it is forcing me to change my password, I don't want to change my password,, and I enter my name and all is good then I have to answer my security questions and it says my answers don't match. I don't get it. Its gonna lock me out because I keep putting the answers in that are wrong but not wrong. This is not user friendly so far.
Not able to upload documents
i love
keeps telling me my info is right so can't create account uninstalled
It keeps saying my password is wrong through the app but it let me log in through the web with the same password the app is saying is wrong
Awful
this app keeps throwing me off online then come back if it gets my password have to start all over and it keeps locking me out your technical support is still like locks me out you still like the app saves you time but now I have to go into the office or mail or whatever wish they would get to at going and working better
The app never let's me sign in it keeps telling me that my password or username is wrong, which I know they're not. So I tried using the forgot password feature it keeps telling telling me that the information that I enter does not match their records. When I go to the website on my browser and sign in I have no problems. Need to fix the bugs.
App does not work properly
When you have to put in your birthday, you have to scroll through ALL the years to get to it. You can't just type it in. It's so inconvenient. Hope you fix this.
trash app need alot of work camera function sucks don't use
I have an account, but I can't log in. After I put my username and password in, the screen just stays the same...there is nothing to 'hit's to put me into my account.
garbage app for a garbage system. notices arrive after due date and cause issues. app is just as useless as the branches themselves.
Ever since the last update the app doesnt work at all 😡
I cannot access my account this app is impossible
How is this helpful? I'm trying to renew benefits!
when i first downloaded the app it woeled great then of a sudden it wont let me log in. ive restarted my phone, ive installed it then redownloaded it, ive forced it to stop. its been happening for a week now. definitely frustrating.
The app don't work! I hate it!
I received a card telling me I could use this to apply for LIHEAP.. I wound up unable to do so. There needs to be an exact algorithm given so this can be done. Exact means exact: do this, then do that. It does not mean winding up in some extraneous part of the program that goes nowhere or descends into a web of compl
Accedintly got kicked out before completing account create and now it's impossible for me to get back to create account. They want me to login and when I try they say they dont have my account. Obviously they dont because I didnt get to create one yet.I even tried forgot info and they still say they have no record. ALL I WANT TO DO IS CREATE AN ACCOUNT
New problems same old app! App keeps telling me to update but it's already been updated. Also can't enter username and password.
Bottom line: Sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. And of course 
once I uninstalled the application, apparently is right when I needed it, 
due to "app not working properly" And because I switched to paperless 
notifications, I missed important information. I feel like the entities 
whom create these things for "our convenience" are sitting back and 
laughing like "watch this..."
app will not allow me to sign on keeps telling me my password is wrong and wont let me go through the forgot process
The developers needs to fix the code they wrote for the date of birth portion of this app. It does not allow you to choose the correct year without having to swipe all the way back one month at a time until you reach years back. And then once you get there it still doesn't allow you to enter the date. For this reason I cannot use the app.
This sucks it's don't work.its just ass as hell.
Ever since the update it won't let me sign in. it keeps saying "to log in i have to change my password". I never heard of that before, but i did, twice. Still no luck so i just deleted it. EVERYTHING WAS FINE BEFORE THE UPDATE
Would not work intially. Took several attempts and using another device.
Installed a month ago and from day one I get the message stating it's under maintenance? I was excited for the ease of reporting and ability to have this information at my disposal.  Makes it even worse that not one person in my local office knew a thing about the app. Please get it fixed as it has stated your doing, for a month.
Does not explain enough,
uploading documents never work
I'm supposed to have a renewal form. but I have nothing to fill out. I am going to lose my insurance if I dont get it turned in. I was away from home for a week and I work full time with 2 kids. the app was going to be my savior so I thought. no I dont know how I will get the paperwork in and done by today.
in order to log on with your birthday you have to scroll back month-by-month there is no year option. I'll be damned if I'm going to scroll back month by month to 1960. and I think the site could use more security since I had to put in my name my password two authentication questions and my device type before I could login. And this isn't just one time. it's every time It just doesn't seem secure enough to me. Now let's talk about how they have abbreviations that they don't explain...
Keeps saying app is unavailable. Before that it kept telling me I have to login from the web browser.
How can I Enter my Username when I just got done clicking"Forgot User Name? Typical government website!
I'm tried to help my mom submit paystubs through the app, and I couldn't get her logged in because it won't actually bring up the keyboard to type in the security passcode. She has a samsung galaxy S8 active. It's in easy mode. After two tries, her screen did some weird overlay of the login and passcode screen. Tried after installing on my phone (a janky j7), number keypad showed up for passcode but it wouldn't accept any actual input from the keypad. 😔
App does not work properly.  When I try to create an account it will not proceed to the next step.
my benefits got cancelled because they said they never recieved my documents, but i have date&time stamp on app when they were downloaded
Need to be updated more often
It wouldn't let me take a full picture of the document I was sending. 
Either it was close up or a thin line.
It sucks don't work! Won't let me answer the security questions properly.
Cant get me past security questions. Site blows.
I entered all info double checked won't let me make an account can't find anything for trouble shooting
The camera feature that the app has makes everything smaller and then when you call or try to look at what you sent through they say they cant see it or it doesnt appear.
app sucks half the time it dont upload the pics and updates way to much
Cant upload documents
No good for me .
Cannot open new account and apply
Terrible.........the app kept freezing. It was super weak. I tried applying and it just kept freezing. It only let me start over. Go in guys. Its a waste of time.
Never got my test results still had to call to get results from the drs office
Noone answers the phone I dont have access to a printer in order to mail it how do I upload documents. I have until 2.11 to turn it in. No one answers the phone either. Can I email the verification. Pls help
Barely works
Can't tell if there are any cases in my area.
Never worked for me
Stop removing my post. This is nothing but spyware co-opted by government hoax scare covid. This has access to your phones front camera. If your phone is equipped with face recognition or iris scanner it will monitor and use it. Beware. Stop letting Dr. Scare you false positives. Covid is still a novel family virus--cold--rino--influenza!
Seems like the app stopped working in September. It says that's the last time I've had a check for exposure...
Not sure why I was prompted to download an app that provides notifications for Virginia when I am way over on the west coast. Downloading one from Nevada I guess since it's the closest I can find to Oregon. Seems like this system is fragmented and dysfunctional, as well intended as it may possibly see.. still. I'll participate and play along until I'm otherwise inclined.
Did not have a version for my state.
Stupid. Will never work because few have the app
Effing Scary. Thats what its for FEAR. The Only Thing We Have To Fear Is Fear Itself.
Let the government track you, just say yes. Communist China does it
Another way to track you because it automatically download on my phone without me pressing the button or even searching up this ridg ASF app you can tell it's fake have fun getting tracked. If anyone reads this the comments
Most of the positive reviews are bias VDH employees. Providing data such as current ACTIVE case you ones area would be helpful. App is not worth the money VA spent on it
This app is horrible. DO NOT INSTALL
It keeps crashing on start.
y it said internal error?
The app doesn't work. I try to press "enable notifications" but it doesn't work. I have them enabled through my settings and I have my Bluetooth and location on. Not sure what else to do.
I've had this app on my phone for months. After I tested positive for Covid-19, I went to report a positive test. Couldn't even do it. What a real waste of potential in this system.
This doesn't tell me a thing . And it takes up space on my phone
What a waste of my tax dollars.
Keep this trashy invasion of privacy off my screens
Not useful
This is what i have to say. THE KUNGFLU IS A JOKE, UR A JOKE TO FOR WEARING UR MASKS, I WONT EVEN GET A VAX FOR THE KUNGFLU. UR ALL CLOWNS IN MY BOOK. I TRUST GOD I DONT TRUST MAN. I HOPE THIS APP GETS A VIRUS, LOL!
Beware. Within 2 hours of installing this app and giving it the Bluetooth rights, my credit card number was stolen and Netflix account had a suspicious login (not me).
Great idea until you see the app requirements. Im not going to enable bluetooth so you can steal information from other peoples phones. Nice try china, but stick to tiktok.
Not that good. Political parties killed 217,000 people both parties red and blue is going to kill you. Don't trust use at all. China and U.S Are the blame for millions of deaths around the world shame on use. Give these little girls a shot that will not get them pregnant and bad parenting by mostly the parents that let there 12 to 17 year old gets Prego. Instead use bring Virus to kill people. If I were to do that or anybody else that is prison time. Hold the elephant and donkey accountable...
covid=fake af
So this doesn't help as long as you live in Virginia thanks for the waste of time
I never installed it and it still ended up installed on my phone, waste of space
This will just give false feeling of safety unless everyone is required to be tracked when found positive for covid... Like in China... Why their death rate is so low.
Makes no sense, it wont track your location but it will tell you if you've come in contact with someone. Not buying that explanation!
Got a positive result 7 days (updated) ago and need a PIN to enter and yet still haven't rec'd a call. Good idea, poor execution.
Just the fact that you have to use Bluetooth at all times, immediately made me uninstall it. My battery life is horrible already, and it gets even worse when Bluetooth is on constantly. I would rather be in quarantine.
Unable to turn on notifications. Get internal error message
What a waste of tax dollars this is. Whomever wrote this app needs to find a real developer job.
Does it only work in Virginia?
Garbage
Not good this app for City Virginia
You had the right idea but the wrong b****
What a joke.
This mess don't work it won't even let me know if I'm in contact with someone
Malware possibilities
When I try to sign up for exposure notifications I keep receiving the following error message, "Internal error, please try again."
Does this so only work in Virginia??
☆WARNING☆ DON'T DOWNLOAD ITS AN FAKE VIRUS APP IT'LL HURT YOUR DEVICE AND YOU!!!!! ESPECIALLY IN THE HOSPITAL!!!! Shutup
Not very helpful and sends too many notifications on the same response every couple of minutes
😉
Doesn't run daily or even weekly checks. Have been in contact with the developers previously about this issue which so far can only be rectified by uninstalling then reinstalling. I am wondering if it stops checking forever even if you only briefly turn off bluetooth, instead of ensuring that connection.. Issue still hasn't been fixed, regardless of interactions with the app developers. Downloading the app again does nothing to ensure consistent checks (last date is weeks) really unfortunate
I have been trying for weeks to download this app but it will not work is there something wrong with it
This app requires full network access and grants the ability to view your network connections, neither of which can be disabled.
The app never notified me that I had been in contact with someone with Covid, but I contracted the virus. I tried to use the notify feature but was never given a PIN. I talked to my contact tracer and they were unaware of the PIN so the app has been useless. Great idea, but the PIN requirement and the lack of people using the app render it useless. I will be deleting it from my phone.
This app is shoddy. Take precautions yourself which don't involve getting tracked by the government with this mess.
My wife tested positive and entered data in her app. I got COVID yet the app still said I had not been in contact with with anyone testing positive. Look for any comments saying that anyone got a notification from this app. It doesn't work;
Can't review this app when it doesn't run. After installing on my Pixel 4xl, I try to run it and it says "Internal error, please try again". Subsequent retries are futile as I get the same error repeatedly.
Gives internal error.
I cannot find the setting described that needs to be turned on in order to use this app I followed the instructions and covidwise is not listed in my settings. Very annoying
Well ive had this on my phone for a while not sure if it works or not...
Waste of space on my Phone. This app does not work like it is supposed to. My Wife and I contracted the virus and never did the app say we were in contact with anyone. Even when I go to report it, it says wait to contacted by the department of health, two weeks and nothing. So don't waste you time with this app and just follow the CDC guidelines to keep yourself safe.
This App Takes your Meta Data and assigns it a number then takes your personel data location and history and reports it to the government ..DELETE --
I live in Oregon. This appears to be only for Virginia.
As a public health major, this is my feedback; The problem is, the app is only state level in Virginia. The App needs to be on a National level as people do travel to different states for vacations and business
If you're that scared and/or sick then keep your ass inside. People are dumb...
Impossible to download. What Crock!
The app doesn't work. So I uninstalled it.
I had this app for several months and I have never got a notice and I have been to the hospital several times. I think this app is a waste of time and space. I have deleted it.. I appreciate it, but till you make it where the cdc inputs the info, this app is useless. No one will volunteer to put there info in, except good citizens, and those are few and far between
Can't turn it on.
Have some self-respect people. Truly a horrible appand a privacy nightmare. And the developer's responses to criticism is a despicable non-response and every single person who works at this company is almost assuredly a scumbag and should be ashamed of themselves. I 99% expect this app to eventually leak all user data by "accident" so the people who run it can make a quick buck. STAY AWAY AT ALL COSTS. You have to leave Bluetooth on all the time. I actually think China developed this app. Evil.
You have to have Covid to enable the app so it's not good if you don't have Covid
Doesn't do exposure checks when I go out. Does exposure checks at 1-5am when people are asleep, which is pointless. What's the use of the app then?
NOT any mention of the App Name "COVIDWISE" for CNN national TV news coverage, mentioning it. You morons need to be fired as total worthless morons. Do you know what a PROPER NAME, is, and means, and it's function and purpose is? TELL PEOPLE THE NAME OF THE APP to Search for and to get! You absolutely asinine idiots!
So your telling me when someone knowinly has covid-19 they're going to report it to an app and still walk around by people without being self quarantined? Believe me if they're doing that they could care less anyway so they're not going to put it in the app. It's like putting a sign on their back and walk around. Even though it's the right thing to do I don't believe that someone would knowingly have it report it in an app to let everybody else know they have it and still walk around in crowds
Absolutely useless. You have to wait to receive a unique six digit PIN from the Virginia department of Health in order to report a positive covid test and prevent false reporting. But my provider said they don't get that pin, and the VDH phone call I got 3 days after I tested positive didn't have it either. So just delete it this app and be safe.
nice app bro-_-
After having a family member test positive and be quarantined to my house, very surprised that neither my wife or I received any notification from app regarding exposure. If a positive individual in my home for 10 days doesn't trigger an alert, what does?
This is a scam to get your personal information.
Ha this is app that can only track your location so who downloads this is a idiot
No notifications ever. Yet, I've found out via the media or exposed and positive testers when they mention it. VA needs to put in some additional work on the app.
Hard to use
Simply a dumb app... Va tax payers wasted for the development of this.... Government is fear mongering covid 19...... Tyranny at its finest... It's all a ploy
Do I have to live in Virginia in order to use this app?
Garbage
I don't have answer
Not very accurate. Sorry if the truth hurts. All I am saying is my local news is saying that there is COVID - 19 positive tests, confirmed reports that there was a local outbreak and guess what, hmm., your app didn't inform me of it.
Notifications on this app depend on VDH calling you and giving you a pin number once you're confirmed positive. We had a positive in our house over 2 weeks ago and VDH never provided a pin and we were never able to notify using the app which makes this whole thing useless if it can't be quickly used.
This app is for who tests positive use only. Worse than chinese app .
Does not download (INSTALL) IN A TIMELY MANNER: NOT INSTALLED WITHIN 5 MTS.
I hate this app it's so scary what is nothing what what if something bad happened by covid 19 I don't like this app at all I hate it 😨😨😨😨😨😨😰😰😰😰😓😓😓😭😭😭💦💦💦💦😡😡😡😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😠😡😐😱😱😱😱🤯🤯🤯🤯😵😵😵😵🤢🤢🤢🤢😫😫🤮🤮🤮🤮🤕🤕🤕
Wow makes you turn on bluetooth and is a complete invasion of privacy. Stay home and hide if you are scared of COVID
We do not need another political app. Please reframe from using this fake app.
Can't even upload my positive result because they claim the VDH contacts you to give you a PIN after you test positive. They definitely don't. I haven't been contacted at all. This app is useless, don't waste your time. It will give you a false sense of security thinking you haven't come into contact with anyone contagious when you probably have. Way to go VDH. Not helpful in preventing the spread of Covid at all.
As far as I can see, not working. The tracker said there were only 3 checks and they were all from August 6..5 days ago when I downloaded it.
Useless and sketchy. Hasn't given me a single alert since I installed it months ago and requires bluetooth on 24/7. A waste of battery. Uninstalled.
I hope your entire organization gets chlamydia. Then I'll develop an app to track you.
This app is junk...My wife is Covid19 positive. She reported in the app as infected patient. I stood right next to her (with her phone on her hand)and the app on my phone did not alert anything...
I am disappoint. Not an HIV tracker app. Wanted to know who had HIV, instead got a government tracking app...
Do have to live in Virginia to use this App?
This Covid19 is trumped up. Northern Virginia has pools and restaurants open along with Virginia Beach, but not Richmond. Why? Do your research and read between the lines! When the cell phones all went down, they put a tracker on your phone and now an app for the same thing?? Do you really think the American people are that naive? Every major election some virus comes up. Zeka, Swine Flu, Covid19... the list goes on and on.
With a majority of tests being false positives, this app is useless. The state of Virginia reports people who have never been tested as positive.
Is there an app like this one for MISSOURI so I won't have to use a different one from a different state like Virginia
Do you seriously think people who test positive are going to voluntarily install and report their results!! NO!! VDH will not even tell us which businesses and locations have a positive employee or patron, which by the way would be better to know!!
I'm positive! Doesn't give me an option to find or change my code. Want to report but can't. Not user friendly!
It requires you to get a confirmed test result, wait for those results to get sent to the health department, and then the department has to reach out and provide you with a pin to put in the app. That's basically a week of others who may have been exposed to you wandering around and potentially infecting others. Pointless.
Draining battery on phone
Interupts my service especially when I change Bluetooth devices.
This is the greatest HIPAA violation ever
Propaganda. Popped up on my playstore like it was needed. Keep feeding the sheep.
There are 8.5 million people in Virginia. The android app says 100k+ downloads, Apple isn't doing much better. That means, that there are about 8 million people not using this app which renders this useless. If you get a notification that you were in contact with someone who was infected, good chance you were in contact a few thousand times before this app detected it. It's not the apps fault, it's the fault of the states government for not advertising this across every channel possible.
Worthless. The app requires a PIN number from the VDH to send alerts. They contacted me 4 days after my positive test result, but didn't have a valid PIN to give me. The contact tracer sent a request to IT to get me a PIN to send alerts. It has now been 8 days since I tested positive and 11 days since my first symptoms and I still can't warn others via the app. The app only monitors contacts for the last 14 days, so some people will never be warned.
I just installed and had no exposures How is this possible if my store that is very near me and that I go in almost daily has had two cases recently?
it sucks dont download
This app gives you a scare
This App is a Virus it hijacks aspects of your phone and sends information without your knowledge or approval... nesides this thing only tells me once it is to late to do anything about it. this is like wearing a condom after sex. so whats the point? other than some company or goverment to collect information about where I go and what I do.
It caused my bluetooth to not work and now it won't work again even thought I uninstalled it right away
You have to have a pin to report your case of COVID and I never received one after confirming COVID positive. How helpful can this app be if we can't notify others when we've contracted COVID?
cannot enable notification. Always says internal error. Any solutions?
I don't want a recommendation for this app. Thank you
While I understand and appreciate what the app is trying to do, the app checking my location consistently at 1am, and 3am is crazy! It is not checking my location when I am actually out and about during the day. I will be deleting this as I find that for me, it is worthless. Based on reply..let me correct that to exposure checks at 2+am, 3+am, 4+am, 5+am, do no good for me as thats when I'm home asleep. Those are the check times that have been reported to me.
What is this all about? Is the flu going around? so what?
Never could get it. Just searches and searches . Just wouldn't install
Great idea but not sure it actually works. I am a healthcare worker, and have school-age children, so I installed it assuming that I might need or want to use it in the future. I recently tested covid positive and followed the steps the app directed me. But I was never able to submit my positive result to the app. I was never contacted by VDH.
They just wanna track your location go ahead dummies!!
Unable To Complete Process To Notify Others Of My Positive Result. This app requires you to submit a unique code that "every individual receives upon testing positive". I tested positive through the minute clinic at CVS. No such number was provided nor could I find it through their CVS MyChart App. At this point I would have to call around to find this number and thats where I gave up. Uninstalling.
My husband and I contracted Covid and tried to notify the app, which is when we realized we needed a pin. When the Health Dept contacted us (about 4-5 days after we received our test results), we asked for the pin number and were told they didn't have a pin to give us. They said they would try to get the pin and email it to us, but we never received one, so this app is useless. As to the reply below - let me be clear we WERE contacted by the Virginia Department of Health and were told they don't have pin numbers to give us and told by them that "the app is useless".
👎👎👎🤢🤢🤢
Useless. A year in and I've never gotten an alert. Relies on people to download the app and contact the health department and get a code and put the code into the app. No one's going to do all that.
USELESS. A close relative with this app tested positive (twice) and tried to self-report as positive on the app, which you need a PIN from the Virginia health department to do. He never received the PIN even after reaching out 2+ times to VDH via email. Crickets. No response at all. Complete and utter failure from VDH.
Exposure last checked January 29th and today is February 3rd (edit, it's now the 6th, still not updating). I've been in an airport (twice) since then, so I'd really like to know if I was exposed in order to keep my family safe. There's no way to send feedback or bug reports through the app so I have no way of getting help but to leave a one star review. Virginia is full of software developers, I know you can do better.
Just my two cents on the exposure app. Its not very helpful. I use the app and show it full permissions. However it still doesn't update, does not allow me to put any data into it and the bot for responding to information seems rather useless as well. I've deleted and reinstalled the app to see if this fixed the issues and still have the same issues. The app doesn't even work on my daughter's phone. Her friend has the app and submitted a positive result and my daughter did not get an alert.
I work at a Hotel where they have shut down a restaurant due to five chefs testing positive, nine people have been out for Covid for two weeks and this app has NEVER alerted me of anything. I've uninstalled it thre times and no improvement.
My wife and I both tested positive for Covid and attempted to call health dept. Left a voice mail requesting a PIN for Covid as directed by app. Ten days later we received a callback and it took another call to get PIN. To make a long story short, we had actually tested negative prior to reporting. The app did tell us that we were exposed two days after reporting. Also, we never received a call for contact tracing from health dept. VDH clearly needs additional resources to expedite.
I'm certain that COVID relief money was used to create this app , I know of many where I live who have tested positive ,but yet failed to report it, what a waste of tax payers money.
This app is a bug and sends virus to phone when its downloaded from Playstore. BEWARE
Useless app and it doesn't update
Bollocks
Was working and updating daily. Hasnt updated since 2am of feb 5th. Its not in sleeping mode.
have been using the app since it's release, and was grateful when it was linked with other apple / google covid apps. however since the last update it doesn't seem to be working. my last exposure check was 31 jan 2021, and now its 7 feb. i come in contact with 100's of people a day because of my job, and i would like to know if there has been a possible exposure....reply, the app hasn't done step 4 since 31 jan. you know, the downloading of tokens it has encountered.
The app has not updated exposure notification since 31 January. That's shortly after you issued an update. Is the app broken or just not displaying updated exposure checks?
This app was not informative. It really is a waste of space on my phone
I had this app installed since it was available for my device with the hope of staying informed and ensuring that when and if I needed it everyone would be safe. I was recently diagnosed positive for COVID and when I attempted to mark it as such it wanted to verify my results online. The database they are using doesn't have my information and says they can't verify it yet. After 3 days to get test results and who knows when it will be in this database I may not return to report in this app.
What it doesn't tell you till you complete everything is that you have to pay for a subscription service. It is not free
Expensive!
Not as advertised and zero content unless you pay a subscription
Find a free app that does the same if not more! This app is not user friendly and not worth paying for, not even a penny.
This app is not easy to use.
Not worth paying for after only a short time. Plenty of other good free options for this. Lost a star because they deleted my original review that said this.
App is free to download but comes with monthly fees..
I have asked twice for the amount I will be charged after my trial has finished and they are unable to give me an answer, which makes me believe this is a scam. And the trial is not free, I was charged USD $0.99. I know it's a small amount, but again, advertised as free.
Sign up for trial and now charged 2days early! I have attempted to register so I can get the benefits but no avail! They have stolen $40 for an app that cannot complete registration.
FALSE ADVERTISING!!! Advertised on Facebook as TRY FREE FASTING APP..... downloaded added my details and BAM it wants money
Is it good is it bad? STRICTLY PAY TO PLAY! $42.26 USD annually
Wish there was a zero stars, dont waste your money. This app has no benefit, just a time frame of when to eat and fast that anyone can Google. Customer servicer manager was unable to resolve an issues about cancelled the subscription and still billed for the app. what a headache!
After 1 week it focuses you to subscribe, waste of time . It should say it paid app only
Have to pay...
It says free but asks for money once u log in... Sick
After filling out information you hit a pay wall.
I want to cancel but the app won't allow it. I emailed the customer support but they tell me to go in to the app and cancel ...it won't let me! Now tomorrow I will be charged. Very frustrating.
it wont let me create an account. then it would let me get past the questions. very slow, wouldn't recommend.
Constantly lagging
This app incorrectly states I do not complete my fasts when I'm on a manual fasting protocol.. I have not missed or ended a fast early in over a month but it tells me I have only completed 12 fasts in 30 days. I have fasted everyday for over 6 months on this app and this is an issue I've noticed and it's never been fixed.. THAT'S VERY WRONG!!! Please fix this!!!
Please am really not happy why am been debited without a notice. I hardly use the App. It's of no help to me because I didn't get what I was expecting. Please and please I need a refund of #16000 plus naira that was debited from my acct and how to cancel the free subscription. Thank you.
so I saw the ad for this website on facebook. I signed up and paid the trial fee but it hasn't sent any verification email or allowed me to login using the email I signed up with. Now trying to sign in again and it isn't working. I want to cancel the 7 day trial before the subscription is continued. but there is no where to find the subscription in Play Store . Rip off or what ?
In 16th August I have payied for the 7 day trial, only used it 2 days then I unsubscribed to continue with the anual program. Today I have noticed that in 11 September it charged me the 39.99$ full programme although I have never subscribed to it and without my will. Please give refund. The subscription does not appear in Google pay. Also sent an e-mail with this issue.
I already love the UI of this app but it doesn't ever work! When I try to start a fast it goes to the load screen and then says "Something went wrong".
No thks to subcriptions
Isioma Oshoffa It keeps asking for me to pay before anything and I thought it could be used with a recommended plan just for us to.go.with the flow.
Dont waste your money....
Cannot dowload seems to be looping.
Not Free. After putting in all my information, I was taken to a page that asked for my credit card info. I couldn't find any indication that it was free so I deleted the app.
A social media ad brought me into a 7 day trial of the planner. Charged me a dollar for it. Now within one day I see that my trial is over. And i cant find a place from where I can remove my card details. So you need to have clear instructions for all this. Where do I remove my card details?
The app doesnt open since i installed it yesterday, so i am uninstalling it
$29 a year or $14 a MONTH?!?! GTFO of here bunch of scammers
How on earth do you reset the timer
Have been trying to reach the providers, but no-one is answering my email. Wanted to know if they have actually taken money out my card, but no reply! Wake up!! Sounds very scammy. Could someone please be so kind as to tell me how to cancel this? Thank you.
Said it was free. Not free.
Expensive. Fee only. Uninstalled immediately.
Got it, didn't like it. 24 hours later cancelled my subscription. 24.99 charge on my account.
Am on able to complete the process, every time I try they says something went wrong.why
Great. Until it took me 5 minutes to scroll to my birthdate. I'm intelligent. I can punch in my own birthday without spending my time scrolling through many years
Who wants to pay 30 dollars?
Not clear what they actually do. .? Tell me how many hours since I ate? I can do that with the timer on my phone and save $$$. If they actually do more, where are the introductions, tutorials, etc. Blah
You need a subscription in order to continue, there is no free or trial option. Edit / I did not SEE a free or trial option.
I subscribed for the trial version, and they take my money for an annual subscription.
When I unsubscribed they did not give me refund and did not mention no refund at the time of subscription
Subscription-only pretending to be free.
Makes you fill in all the info and then tells you there's a cost... Annoying
After the trial period money were withdrawn from my account without a previous notice. It would be nice to inform us at least before doing that. Maybe for different reasons some of us cannot unsubscribe in time.
I tried to cancel before trial ended, there was no way to do so. Got charged $39/month, emails to them bounced, based in Cyprus. Filing return of funds with my bank. Avoid!
OK I have the app working now, will update in a couple of days.
Bad app....requires subscription and no free trials
It's not working...keeps on saying an error occurred...or HTTP 400
It was good but I thought it was only a free trial but then it charge money on my account automatically. Please I need a refund for this, it was a hard earned money for a student like me and i did not intend to be purchase this. Please do consider, I tried on google play but they decline my refund request. Please do something
Impossible to set up profile regarding date of birth, time of last meal, etc. Way too troublesome
You can't log specific food or macros. I'm not sure why this app is $30 a year when every other similar app is free with in app purchases.
They just take money from you. You'll not get any notifications
i don't need to pay money to stop eating 😂
Disappointed. The worst 50$ i've spent and i want a refund.
At installation it shud tell us that its only paid program or there shud be a trial program days initially to try out what app has to offer
Not good for a healthy lifestyle
I realized this wasn't for me during my trial period, but it won't let you cancel in the app and the website "conveniently" doesn't take your login information so there's no way to cancel or avoid being charged. I'll be reporting to better business bureau and my bank for fraud. Aside from the app being bulky and poorly designed to the point of useless, absolute rip off as well!
I paid the membership but is nothing new or better than you can get from a free fasting app. But I try it so thank you.
I want to cancel this immediately as it took me to an entirely different program. It tells me to cancel in Google Play and yet I cannot find a way to cancel. I only gave all my credit info yesterday for $1 7-day trial and now I am in a deep hole somewhere. Looks like it MIGHT have been helpful, but now, I don't trust it AND I WANT OUT PLEASE!
Ask you all the questions then reveal you need to pay
App gives me http400 error
I would love to write a review about how the app actually works but it keeps declining all my payment methods! Even after I installed and uninstall the app and updated my info on the play store
I'm not sure what I paid $30 for... Can someone explain to me why this app is any better than the free version of Zero? I'm just not impressed. I'll update my review if I can get some sort of input that makes this app worth any money at all. One day in and full of regret and disappointment.
Not free
How do I get the free version? It is bringing me to payment after I put in my details.
A scam!
I signed up and within the 1st few minutes was frustrated. In order to view anything you have to sit and wait while it slowly cycles through. It is 1 sentencebut you sit and wait for what seems like a minute for the next sentence. No clue about what you are doing other than not eating.
No...not free
They cost money but plan and info unknown till you create an account etc
Simple in title only. Wouldnt let me edit times, non intuitive screens. I was unable to find in wear store for my active watch. I am out one months cost in less than 24 hours.
Advertisement is misleading. I am not satisfied. I would not reccomend this to ANYONE. I requested a refund literally after I purchased. Save your money and find another app. Do not waist your money
I really wanted to give this app 5 stars but honestly I am so frustrated with it by now that it's only getting 1 star. In it's own words Simple declares that they aren't about rigid schedules or rules or plans.... SO WHY CAN'T I EDIT MY OWN FASTING times? I reached out for customer support because every logged fast this week is completely wrong. So far no response from support, no changes made to the flexibility. Fastic free version is better!
It should first inform that there is a subscription fee required. Only after payment it should collect the personal details.
It's a scam to get your mail and credit card data. Trial isn't free either.
Not satisfactory
Not satisfied
I thought this would give me a meal plan, it does not. The free trial is not free and once you download it it really does... Nothing. They state that you will be given a personalized plan and I never really found it. I payed because I was curious from the ads but I do not recommend at all. Btw if you are planning on buying the whole year, try to cancel and you will be given 50% discount, you're welcome.
Downloaded the app. Answered all the questions and then it stopped working! Said there's a problem so I've just deleted it. Won't bother now
Is not a free apps.. don't waste time if you are thinking is free
Not a good app.. dont pay money on this, and customer service is AWFUL
Went through the whole set up process and, of course, that's when they try to charge you. Not free. Not interested.
Not able to log in. When setting my profile it gives me an error and doesnt let me move forward. Very bad experience with this app. Will unistall.
I'm not sure why the Keto tab is showing that I have a blood sugar spike? I haven't eaten anything that would kick me out of ketosis so I'm a little confused? And it doesn't really explain it anywhere. And one of the notifications told me that I didn't eat healthy fats yesterday, but I did! In response: The cartoon underneath is silly. It makes it look like I have chosen unhealthy food with the sad face 'high sugar' instead of the 'optimal sugar levels'. Also, check your attitude responsebot.
Pay wall,
I could not input the setup data. The app wouldn't accept the information requested.
I could never have it running, it would frezze every time I tried to register
Let people know it's a paid app before sending through the questions. What a waste of time.
Pathetic app. Adds no value to our fasting routine.
Either the Android app doesn't work or the free trial doesn't work. I can't seen to change the hours of fasting, it wants me to start fasting at 1:45 am
Took my money and did not let me enter....I think it is a scam
Have to pay for it. Hell no
Wanted to start being healthy but it charges uou 27 bucks per month to even start guess ill go the hard way in my own
I was charged for this subscription when I canceled and uninstalled this app 5 d days ago
The ad was so inaccurate compared to the real app... Then after you register they ask you to make a payment of 40$ before starting...
Monthly subscription
Scam/rip off, they take all of your personal information before trying to sign you up. 3 month at 40$ for information you could get from Google and run off your pre-installed calendar app. They do this in a browser so that people can't comment on the app itself. I only downloaded it to leave this comment. Scam for you information and your money.
very confusing , no steps given to use this app.
Paid app masquerading as free.
Unfortunately this app doesn't allow you to track your foods. You can basically tell it that you ate a meal, but not what that meal was. And even more unfortunately if you choose to purchase upfront at the discount you effectively waive your right to a refund if the app doesn't meet your expectations. Which is crappy.
Tried to cancel it and it won't let me!
Fake
Keeps crashing. Doesnt send me reminfers. Amd i paid 32 bucks for this. Not happy. Why am i psying for an app that doesnt work properly??!
Ok y'all they refunded me, scared me there
I hate how i was given a choice to join for $0.99 but now yall are up in my account. How do i cancel this?
No trial period? Not even 7 days? I'm simply not paying for this
Amazing. They take your info then says "pay". Bad design. Stingy app. Dont download.
This app is horrible! All metric. Also I can't enter the weight because the save button is in the way making it totally useless. I just canceled after 10 minutes on the program. Anything this bad can't be good. Also. Not enough explanation here. Confusing how to go about this. Not even worth $1. Never again.
This app has just deducted USD 39 from my account without my consent!
On attempting to log in with my Google account or any other email account this pops up on screen momentarily and I'm unable to log in (HTTP400 ). After entering all of my information using the "continue without registration" option, "something went wrong" comes up in screen and the only option I have is to go back.
The app doesn't work
Wastage of Time... Don't install
Don't waste your time. After a long sing up process, you have to subscribe. It's not free.
$30 for a basic fast tracker. What a rip off
App is only available for 7 day free trial don't bother.
Would go to tailoring program page for one second than would say something went wrong and wouldn't open any further
$20.00 a month!
Terrible App. Seems like a scam. Purchased only a few hours ago and I want a refund! Not Simple, not helpful and poor at setting and tracking
*WARNING* THIS APP REQUIRES A SUBSCRIPTION FEE....
Buggy from the first minute. Removed.
Nothin for free.....you are asked questions when you open for the first time but before anything you have to pay for it right from the start. So actually you cannot get a taster to see whether it is worth paying for it. I would not mind paying for it if I had an idea of what it was like. Unless you have money to throw away then dont bother.
Just a money making gimmick....😠😡🤬
It's my first day i use it
terrible shady app! i uninstalled the app & they still charged me $60 for a yearly membership!! SO DODGY, DO NOT GIVE THEM YOUR CARD DETAILS, THEY WILL RIP YOU OFF!!
Hi i recently downloaded the app and after the trial period the subcription was paid for but have yet to be able to unlock premium. I could not even cancel the subscription and the trial was up today. Also i am getting am getting an error message.
You will find nothing inside. Dont waste your time and dont even bother opting for premium. They will say 7 days trial at first then they charge and cancellation policy is worst. No proper customer support. I lost my money
Honestly I loved this app but it had no back up and I lost 3 weeks of fasting data, over 333 hours of fasting and weight loss notes. This shouldn't be an issue with a login system. Disappointed and now disheartened, also my insights tab now just constantly says connection error.
I was charged on the first day instead of getting the free trial. Send me my money back please
Dis not like it. It wasnt user friendly and I kept having to log out and in to get my meals to go through. The times were messing up from what i wanted. I tried to edit but would have to go out of app and close it. Go back in. Sorry i wasted .99 not worth it.
Like a prior client I found the app did not meet my needs after the first dat of the 7 day trial. I attempted to reach out to them to cancel on day 2 and thought I had canceled until I was charged by PayPal on day 8. PayPal policy is you must notify them before the payment is due. So now I'm out $39 for an app i found confusing on day 1.
Overcharged and a waste of money. Even after I deleted this app from my phone, and tried to email support about this reoccurring charge for a subscription, I have received NO help and they are STILL attempting to charge my OLD card that has since been destroyed. This app is NOT worth it.
Keeps blocking and asks too much info..
W t f is this, why'd I pay to keep track of my last meal, what is wrong with you people.
It's really not simple... Its not customised... I gave them a stack of info and they just threw me on this app that has like a million articles and I have no idea where to really start and the fasting hours they gave me really don't work with the hours I work because I wouldn't actually get to eat at all using them.
I was not expecting to pay for this.
I ran across this app in an add and wanted to check it out. You go through all the prompts and answer a bunch of questions then you get to the pay now screen. Nothing about this app is free and there is no trial to check it out.
Not putting in my Credit card info..
Plan required.
Where are metric measurements? Are we suppose to use stone age imperial system?
You must pay to use this app
Should mention that its a paid app.
I just make payment and i cant download the app
Too pricey. Too invasive.
You really think I am going to pay you without any trial at all?
I just downloaded it and I can't sign in to it. It says HTP 400 and when I choose not to sign then it says something went wrong again. 🙄
Worst app
Unreliable app it send promotional msgs to my dms without my consent. Don't use it, kinda hacking app. Next you know it puts on a good review for itself without your knowledge.
after entering your personal information, you are forced to sign up for a payment
Panget ayaw mabuksan nung app after mo mag fill up
Cant get past the log in😥
I'm not putting a credit card in for you guys to play with my life, it's not going to happen!!! especially since you want the credit card just for the 7-Day trial. ain't happening! uninstalling! And if I get a unauthorized or ghost charge... needless to say I do have lawyers!
Total scam! Took out 7 day 'trial" on 8/25 which was charged to my bank ac $10. Cancelled subscription on 30/8 - 5 days later - well within the 7 day period. However my bank ac was charged $39.99 on 9/2. Only because I kept emailing them and posted this review did I finally get a refund! See their initial reply below, they were still trying to fobb me off. But I persisted. This is very sharp practice. Oh and the app is a complete waste of time.
Such a cr*p. You have to pay for the trial. How am I going to pay for something that I don't even tried? Are you crazy???
Shame no 0 to choose. Utterly useless, nothing more than a glorified clock. Don't buy. Wish I could get my money back.
Very confusing to use. If i make a mistake it doesn't let me fix it and It won't let me change the time of my last meal didnt like this app at all.
STOP PUTTTING ADS ON TIK TOK. DIET CULTURE IS TOXIC ESPECIALLY FOR TEENAGERS.
This is a paid app and you should've been upfront with that Edit: Your response doesn't address my inquiry, it avoids it rather
Maybe it's because it's just what works for me but it looks like I can't customize my fasting periods. Fasting from 12AM-4PM just works for me.
Disappointed because I actually paid for this app and I've since found others that are much more user-friendly and feature rich (eg LIFE, Fastic). Won't be renewing my subscription when it ends.
I cancelled my subscription and the app still tried to take the money 4 times. And it took the money. I want an instant refund.
Really hard to use; particularly hard to edit your stats. Really difficult to cancel subscription, so be careful about accepting trial offer.
This app is useless this is the worst app ever downloaded
uninstalled at very beginning. i don't use ft and lb as measurements like rest of the world.
Hi. I've just joined and can't access the app. what do I do?
Like other apps, this also need monthly charges
The app charged me then disappeared from my phone! It never even gave me the chance to cancel my free trial!! Do not install!
I dont even want to give them 1 star. They are deceiving their users once you start the app. It says there is a 7 days trial and once you click it they will charge your card automatically. Their customer support really sucks and they will just refer you to google and they just stop replying. This should be ban to google and their apps is not worth your money. I think the rate here are from them too coz nobody will use this and it sucks.
This app is a complete waste of money. You could simply apply a timer on your phone to do the same job. There are thousands of apps out there for logging water intake, calories, exercise and all to a higher degree of accuracy than this app and they're FREE. complete waste of time and money. Not worth it.
Absolutely disgusting! Signed up for the free trial, wasnt for me. Cancelled on the day it was up, yet I got charged and told I cancelled 3 hours too late?! What a scam! Save your money! DO NOT DOWNLOAD!!!!
Please you deducted from my mobile money account on 22nd of November 2020, I have requested for a refund but it still hasn't come
Horrible
Useless,
It's asking me to pay without offering anything upfront. I mean. I don't even know what service you'll be offering me. At least give me SOME information. But you expect me to pay for it? If I'm paying, I need to know 2 things: 1. What will I be getting in return? 2. Is your offering important to me? 3. Is the offering worth the money?
Horrid!...could not even get started...email verification would not work Your response is that my email is not accepting your message. Seriously!...I kept getting the email. Every time i clicked on verify, it would go back to your app download. So clearly this is some malfunction in the app, and not my mailbox not receiving your email.
Terrible
I could never really log in to the app the second day
Have to pay to use program. Didnt know until I downloaded app and put in all my information.
Terrible App...would not recommend. It does not help you loose weight, just asks for money.
The tracker is poorly designed with glitches and never worked properly. I did go to customer support but too many disappointments to continue trying to resolve. The meal tracking is really poor and doesn't allow for tracking keto, protein bars, fats/oils, etc. Do not waste your money.
My eating/fasting time won't match up. I login my eating start time from 1pm-8pm & it has me fasting during that time & eating between 3am-1pm..
Too complicated for me. Uninstaller after day 3. Can't reach anyone for refund.
Pretty much useless. All the functions besides the fasting timer are lousy and it doesn't do anything you can't already do with a clock.
The app doesn't send any notification. It's completely useless. When I open the app it's sending notifications in bulk. I have even enabled override do not disturb for the app. Still I don't get any kind of notification unless I open the app.
Why must we pay
you steal my money from my account. I unsubscribed and you took me $ 39.99 without my approval. please return the money urgently.
I was charged dueing the free trial with almost 40 euros bill. They didn't notified me about, i discovered on my PayPal account today. This is not a serious application amd they free trial is a trap! Will spoiled they reputation every where on social media. So disappointed, even tried to cancel the 3 month subscription and is not possible.
They don't tell you that you have to "pay to play" here! And it's not cheap either! You know, some of us are on a very limited budget you know... Enjoy getting rich off of others! ✌️
Be careful of this app, they debited my money after i subscribed for just a trial version,I do not even use the app, only for me to wake up to a debit alert, who does that? Refund my money they are trying to tell me stories, this is illegal, you do not automatically take out one's money just because they went for a trial version.
I canceled my subscription days ago but it charged me 40$ without concent or confirmation... I canceled again right after a message from the bank told me I lost 40$ but no refunds were made I want my refund please 😑
Expensive but you don't find out until you jump thru the hoops.
Was keen to try but does not say have to pay to use. Please update to say this as would not have bothered to download. At least let me try first.
Cancelled 7 day free trial after three days, still getting attempts at billing for a year. Avoid this one. Clunky, annoying and disinterested in customer service.
So, google says that it's even suitable for age 3+...BUT when I tried to register it's only for upper 18..HAHHH can you just make this app at least for teens too? With a healthy way of course?
Too pricy premium and once rejected second screen pops up and says 50 percent off. App is good but nah. Cant trust this one
Paid app. Disguisting. No thanks.
Could not stop the fasting clock and could not read those cheering when I did not fast anymore. It made me feel guilty 😂🙈. Start to use another free app with more understandable design.
I don't pay for apps without seeing any functionality what so ever. I could tell you what it does bc they want you to pay first.
Your constant pop ups to try and trick me to buy a premium every time I enter the app won't force me to buy it. It will just anoy me enough to stop using your app. This is the most dishonest behaviour from an app developer I've seen in a while.
Answer all the questions then given 2 options on which PAID membership you're planning to go with. Uninstall.
Very disappointing....... without informing me withdraw subscription fee from my credit card.......!
Scam. Unauthorized funds taken from account. Bogus email addresses. Scam. Beware. No stars
This app is not for me. The instructions to cancel are bogus. You cant cancel. there are instructions but there is no manage subscription button on the app so you cannot cancel before the free trial . then you get charged and still cant cancel. I want money back.
Days have passed because whenever I tried to cancel my subscription didn't find the option anywhere Thanks for the refund
It doesn't work, according 2 this I should be fasting 3 days. I was charged $42 even though I cancelled before the trial ended. I contacted the dev for a refund & was told because of Apple rules they couldn't do it. Obviously, Apple has nothing 2 do with Google. Also, my original review was removed. Don't download this, it's just a money grab.
Rarely useless app. They don't have a metric sistem at all
Not free
Selected the ad from FB and went through signup. Charged me money but app won't download in Google Play Store.. Just says waiting to download.. I should have known better than to watch the ad and buy anything.. How do I request a refund without calling my bank?
Not able to sign in with Google or FB (getting 400). After answering all, getting something went wrong error.
Its a paid app from start, the DOB calendar is stupid. Preauthorizing Google pay.
I would like a full refund. I paid for the annual usage of this app but it is not working properly. Even when I select "start fasting", the app shows that I am still in my eating window. Update: still have not heard from company nor been issued a refund as of 01/22/2020
Very expensive
This app is not free at all I never got an option for free trial and I was asked to pay before using the app...
Immediately wants money. Not free
Unbelievable! My card was charged and no activation code was sent! The solution is to use another email address! That is ridiculous! I never would have signed up for something if I knew I was going to be charged before that something was usable! Now my only choice is to dispute the charge via my credit card company! That is ridiculous as well! Don't fall for it you may not get a link via the email you choose to use
The app did not allow me to select my Gender and just assumed that I am a woman. Broken.
It says it's free until you actually get started and then it requires you to set up a monthly payment plan.
Annoying!!! Annoying!!! Annoying!!! I only opted for 7days to see if its something i can do. Its really annoying and i hate it that i i wasnt sent any notification before debiting me.....please kindly refund with immediate effect Thank you
On Day 2, forgot to hit the button to start fasting. 10 minutes later and I still have not managed to figure out how to add my fast manually. I'm over it. Deleting the app, it shouldn't take so much to manually add a fast.
Diifcult to login. Barely works
This app won't help you lose weight, only your money! Complete ripoff for a garbage app. They charge you $40(!) every 3 month wich is the insane amount for what they provide. I started free trial which is only 14 day instead of regular 30 day. Before I knew it, my credit card was charged $40. They won't refund it even after I asked them on the first day of usage to cancel it and refund. Avoid at all cost.
This app dosnt even work, ive tried multiple times to give my information and i always get an error message saying "something went wrong". Ive uninstalled it several times and tried again, nothing works. Complete waste of my time. I would give 0 stars if i could.
I would have been happy to pay but was very disappointed that all body/weight types are not supported. Thr lowest weight listed on the app is 88 pounds and I already weigh less than that. Hence, will have to delete the app.
Not worth paying for. All of the useful information on the app is imported from my fitness tracker! There wasn't really a free trial - I was charged right away.
This is a scam, I was charged without consent and no refund after asking. Not even an email to explain why they charge without any permission. DON'T INSTALL SCAM LIJE THIS!
Not a great App
Just make it a paid app... Instead of marketing it as free, and then require subscription to use it's features
Terrible. Don't bother
How you can stop current fasting in this application and start new fasting . ?your application is extremely confused. It is not organised at all. In general it is confusing and I do not recommend it so far, in comparison with similar apps. I suggest to change the name of your app. to complicated instead of simple. In general rubbish.
Hi! I havent authorised you to deduct for one year in my bank account how can you act as such ...i pay only for the trial then i wasn't interested so i've uninstall your app...how can that be that now you deduct in my bank account🤨
Scam!!! They took my money after I cancelled literally the first day.
I wanted to cancel 3 days within my 7 days trail and I could not figure out how to do so. Now they have charged me $39.99. I haven't used this app. I was just trying to figure it out. I feel its too much information I dont even need. Please read my review and cancel my subscription. Thanks
You have to pay to get past the intro. You can use the Fastic app for free. Smh
They shouldnt have a age limit
1) Fasting shouldn't have to be especially logged. The period between two consecutive meals should automatically get counted as Fast. I had lunch at 3:50pm yesterday, and ate next at 12:00 noon today. Gap of 18 hours! But app doesn't record it as a Fast! This reflects poorly on my graph because once the day has passed, we cannot insert/log a fast or meal in it anymore. 2) We should be able to enter quantity against every food item eaten e.g. Rice 100gm, Bread 100gm.
INR 920 for subscription has been debited from my account but the subscription purchase was not complete. It's been two days and I did not get my money back.
Not user friendly
Do NOT get this app for the trial, expect to be able to cancel before the trial period is over, rely on the "subscription cancelled" indication in "manage subscriptions" and not be charged the 50$. ALSO DONT BOTHER WITH CUSTOMER SERVICE.
Worst. Please don't use this app and my request don't do the payment of year subscription. I tried cancelling 4 days after the purchase, as I found this app useless, I was informed no refunds. So my annual subscription money is lost. I request please don't subscribe. There is nothing helpful I found in this app in last four days that I researched. The options given by the app are what you can put in details. There are no alternatives. There is something called journal. I tried recording there.
Pls refund my money by mistake money was deducted from my account .i already installed your app and not used more than a single day
I just want to try the trial period. When i tried to cancel the subscription before the trial ends...i can't!!! Now i was charge qith $39.99. Please how can i cancel the subscription????
Survey before paywall... Gross. Better free apps like Zero.
Fraud app
Don't waste your time
Give all details and at the end you have to pay.... Sucks
You have to give up all of your information before you find out that it's not a free app with in app purchases but a paid app with a 7 day trial..
This app is almost useless and certainly fruad. They offer you nothing and take money from your debit card without notifying you. An unauthorised payment was made from my card, an amount i never agreed to, there was no form of notification giving to me, i gave no consent to that payment. I will be proceedingto my bank, i have also sent the simple app an email.
Requires you to give all personal information. At the end of set up, it then requires that you commit to payment of $39. Per month, even if you want to try it free first. Waste of time.
This app was very basic and pretty simple, as it states.Of no use to me. Cancelled in 2 days, in my account and emailed.Got reply from them that my cancelation was recieved and that there would be no more than the $1 charge. Then, guess what! The took the $39.?? Contacted them. They claimed I didn't cancel, so why do I not have an account now? Can't access one!!! They tell everyone to contact them to fix their mistake, but THEY DO NOT REFUND!!!! THIEVES& CROOKS
I have being trying to download app over a week now, no headway. I have exceeded my trial period and has also be charge for a month subscription. I need a refund since I can't access the app
The app just gives guidance and works as a timer for ur fasting and eating hours.. it takes no account as to the amount of calories consumed.. u might as well have a lot of junk food(eg pizza) and go for a full day of fasting..and the stupid app would congratulate you. Simple interface but a total waste of money.. i want my refund!
Not free, sorry. But great app idea.
It seems like a useless app, with initial view of the app it looked very promising but it is totally a failure.  I feel like I have wasted my 920 rupees.  I don't know if it does anything apart from me logging my details? I mean if that's all that I wanted, I would have maintained a journel instead of paying for an app.. What is the AI in it to support me in my journey? No guidance, no calculation of calories, no support. I feel like I am scammed.  It's a pathetic app. I am disappointed 💯
Total waste of time. It doesn't work properly on android phones
Even after I cancelled my subscription on the app I was just charged. Do not give this company your payment information.
I couldn't find the subscription information to cancel trial, charged for app.
Stop promoting unhealthy eating habits. This is not how to loose weight at all and your ads are terrible ffs
This is very poor app
I want to cancel my subscription how?
I'm still confused about the plus of paying this app. I don't see any feature and I pay the hole year ☹. Waste of my money
Be nice to use an app that doesnt cost
i dont like this app.. paypal keeps on charging me automatically even thou i unsubcribe and didnt ask for it😥
Uninstalling not worth asking for hug amount per month.
In no way is this deserving of 40$ a year. Wow..
Not free
A scam. They collect a lot of private info but then you have to pay to use the app. There is no free or ad only version as suggested. And by then all your info is with them.
I don't know who put this app on my phone, but I woke up this morning and there's a $39.99 charge. I need to get this charge off my phone and my money returned, immediately!
Paid for the subcription but instantly regret purchasing. I wish i had an opportunity to look at the app before my purchase
Paid appp non sense
You should tell people in your ad that you have to pay to use the app before we waist or time just to find out later.
Please refund my money i never used the app an I cancelled before the 1 week was over. I didnt have any problems I never used it an just disnt have a need for it please give me back my money!
Wait of money! It just setting time for fasting. Super duper useless. I regret subscribing for annual. I though I will provide meal plan. 😒😒😒😒😒😒😔🤮😠😠😠
Did nothing for me. Waste of money
Wanted the month free trial for charged straight away
Doesn't work. I get all the way to the last question where you choose which fasting schedule you want to follow and it says "something went wrong" and it won't let me do anything after that. Tried everything to get it to work, I'm on my home wifi too. Uninstalling it for good now.
Not impressed. Was hoping for a free app. As soon as you finish registration, it wants to up sell you. Its a shame people want to profit if the well being of others. I get it. Youre providing a service. But it shouldnt be described as a free app. Thanks anyway.
Terrible. No help. Money ripper until proven different
Monthly fee is not mentioned until the end
Kycine forever and always will be the best for you thing this and that I can get make 5 6 with the best and best
Why make me go through all the steps to tell me that I have to pay later?!?
You haven't prove yourself to be worthy and yet you want us to subscribe already in the entrance/registration phase of this app. Just a piece of advice, prove your app worth first before asking us to get an annual fee. Uninstalling this, trying some other app who are not money first, let people experience the app first, what do you think of us your cash cow? Just been in here for 2mins and now uninstalling asap. Not worth to download.
DON'T FORGET TO CANCEL YOUR IF YOU DON"T LIKE THE APP Tried the free trail. App is very hard to understand there is not turorial on how to really work it. cluttered with a ton of snapchat-esq "articles" on how to and what to do that don't really help. AND DON"T FORGET TO CANCEL YOUR FREE TRIAL IF YOU DON"T LIKE IT. CANCEL IT RIGHT ON TIME. If not they will take the $39.99 and even if you contact them the day they take it they will not refund you. They give you a list of requirements you have to meet before they will debate about giving you YOUR OWN money back. The main one is you have to wait 25 days and "Demonstrate" you followed the program. This APP SUCKS. I had to call my bank and file to get my money back.
Don't waste your time, the app tells you to fast while you are sleeping. Wasted the 99 cents on the trial. 🙄
This is a subscription app and you can't try it without entering a credit card or payment.
Before even I get a glimpse of what services u provide or whether the app is useful for me or not u want me to pay up either 600 or 2500? Wow ! FU
Expensive Paid app, no use if you're not paying monthly
Very misleading Not worth a single star
Poor app
Not precise in recording your progress. Some day's my fasting went on longer and somehow it still didn't record its supposed to be motivating and a kind of support on your progress after all paying for the app. I was disappointed nd had to uninstall and come out of it
Uninstalled straight away after reading a review that it's a 7 day trial and then one must pay for it. No thank you.
I can't register. It keeps on saying error. I tried uninstalling ang installing again. Used all the registration options. But still it doesn't work.
It should say that you charge money before people download it
Dont do it! Your money will be deducted even if you dont subscribe 😡...
I cant even use it whenever i try to sign in it always says HTTP 400
Not intuitive/user friendly. I cant change the time of my fast once I click start fast. To many menus to change.
I was charged without any notice. kindly look into this matter and give me a refund of Php 245 philippine peso.
I cancelled the subscription on the 4th day, still my entire amount is fortified. This is incorrect. Can you please refund. The amount of details to be entered is too much.
What a counter intuitive app you have developed. It's an obstacle just to get things logged in. Deleted before I could even get it to work.
Because your application say that this app is limited for over 16 i hope you can fix it
Cancelled my subscription and they still tried to bill me
WHAT in the world is up with this super dated calander????? Having to click through every month of every year to get back to your birthdate is a ridiculous waste of time and patience! Also not allowing us to move forward without doing it means I'm not going further. Was hopefull to find an all in one fasting and meal tracking app but this is a terrible way to start.
I paid a dollar for the trial and then unsubscribed the very next day and was still charged 40 dollars . I rechecked my google play and it still says I have no subscriptios and they sent an email today saying I'm still subscribeed. Several reviews say this same thing. I wish I would have read them first. This app is a fraud
Difficult to use and you get charged anyway if you cancel.
Horrible service
After all the ads I saw not mentioning a fee, got all the way through the beginning only to be asked which membership fee I wanted to pay. Found another similar all -- free.
You only get one week free trial!!!
Cancel the subscription on the end day. And still got charge. Didnt even use the app! Be careful when trialing it. It automatic takes your money from your account.
Lol, free trial requires years purchase 🤣🤣🤣 good luck!
I like the app but I started again recently and it said my Body Mass index was 20 higher than it actually is. Doesn't really motivate me to lose weight saying I have a BMI over 50 when I dont. I guess I'll just use another app
first pay and then you can test the application. you should let me know first.
Asks for money after set up not impressed
scam
waste of time..
Could not set up a profile or access the app constant errors. Disappointed really.
I have reached out to this company to get a refund and it's going on 7 days with a lot of running around. I already have a similar app so I don't need this one. How much longer for my refund?
THIS IS YOUR WARNING... don't get scammed! Signed up for the $1 trial. Decided it wasn't for me and looked into how to cancel on their help section, which said there would be a "manage subscription" button in my account info. No dice. Not there. So I deleted my account, which appeared to be another option. They charged me $40 anyway. When I reached out to support, they told me I have to follow the plan for 25 consecutive days in order to get a refund. Just another scam... Good luck!
My daughter by mistake downloaded the app, I saw the payment go off my card, within 2 minutes we uninstalled the app and have asked for a refund. I still have not had a refund, this happened on the 2nd of June.
I forgot adding my fast yesterday and now there is no option to add old fasting sessions or edit them later in the app. Such basic functionality is missing.
Not a free app. Small free trial, then you need to pay for it.
Charged the $1.00 trial week and the $34.90 on the same first day. Difficult app - will not work for me. Need full refund. I sent you an email and disputed the cc charge with my Visa card.
This app takes your money without your permission and i cant cancel
😡🤬😡🤬 CON ARTISTS ... TAKE $$$$ & THEN SAYS 'OFFER EXPIRED' 😡🤬😡🤬😡🤬
Can't login with any options (sticks on loading) and if I skip logging in, the app sticks on loading at the "Tailoring your personal program" page.
Free to download, pay to use. Wish they'd been honest upfront so I didn't bother downloading and giving access to my data.
Rating one star for two reasons. First, you cannot even USE the app without getting a subscription. If there is a way to skip subscribing, they hid it far too well. Second, your two subscription options are 1) subscribe for a full year immediately OR pay SIX TIMES AS MUCH for month-to month. Yeah - right. Buh-bye!
So far it's a bit demotivating. I reached out for help because if you log a snack as part of your fast, it takes you straight out of the fast and counts it as a meal, even if it's a celery sticks or an egg. I was told to take a picture of the problem. How??? The other problem is the app is telling me that a single chicken drumstick I ate for dinner has put me into high blood sugar. Pardon me for not believing this. I paid full price for 3 months and now regretting.
Scam, doesn't mention here that you have to buy/subscripe to a Plan in order to work.
Keeps crashing and I wasted my money. I deleted app. Refund please
STOP TRYING TO BILL MY CARD AFTER I HAVE CANCELLED. FRAUDULENT!!!
Its sucked
I canceled my trial after 24 hrs. Then they charged me an additional 39.99 to continue using their app that I had already canceled. Oh and their phone number for this company that was on my bank statement.. Not a working number. NOT HAPPY!
Very annoying ads. Keep gettings even tho I have a active subscription. Support didnt even help me
SCAM??? I downloaded the app then after free trial I received a message that the app charge me an annual fee on my bank account. Now I received another notification telling me I no longer subscribe but they already charge me so how come?????????
Having troubles. Have now sent out second email 8 days later. Nice to take my money and disappear
Not free at all
Broken: I cant get past the signing in screen.
Due to active day to day life I wasn't able to keep up with the constant logging. The tracker only tracks times as well and no calories and such. Better off setting timers in your phone a.d downloading a basic calorie counter. The sale price of 30$ is a bit much for something you can get for free with a better service for free. Refunding requires that you use the app for 25 days but request a refund within 30 leaving you just enough time to forget about the refund unless you set a reminder.
This is not an easy app to navigate . the times are all wrong even tbough they look correct when your changing
So disappointed! How can I make a refund?
It does not have far enough detail to justify buying it. It is 29 dollars up front to get the app and does not even include a caloric count to food or available adding of the description of what you ate. If it is included you have to pay much more. Plenty of fitness apps that are free do this. Its only asthetic which is all it is is a clock with a time count of your fasting time still leaving you to do your own math anyways. Way better apps that are free that do way more, save your money.
Say that u need money
Account got reset when using trial version. Contacted customer support but no response. Today I get charged for the account that I can not access!!
Be careful of this app. Taken payment without my consent. I have contacted by email and had no reply. Usually a subscription is shown under subscription tab but there was none. It was actually only shown in your app. Hence why I found out only when money was taken from my account. I havent even used the app at all.
Can't even try it out at all without paying a subscription fee.
Im not going to pay for something up front until i see how it works for at least a day or 2. They prompt you to pay right after gathering your information. Bad UX.
Not happy at all was charged over $63.00 for this app that I didnt even use for more than 10 hours, or give permission to take my payment, I've been in touch with my bank and will be taking the matter further if I'm not refunded thank you, have tried to email but says your address is invalid, please advice when I will receive a refund as I cannot afford this ever.......I have emailed you twice
Have tried on 3 separate occassions to install this app. It gets to 86% and stops. Guess it wasnt meant for me to use.
This is anything but simple, seriously how many of these apps are going to immediately ask questions and pop a plan. Just shut up and give me a timer
Rip off heavy charges.... dont download
Keeps on crashing
Paid app. Nobody cares
This is a paid subscription app that doesn't tell you it's subscribe to use In the 'about' section of the store.
Wanted to try the app, had my debit card ready to pay and found they ONLY use Google pay! I don't want a Google pay account. I'll sign up if they ever accept debit or credit cards. 😒
Saw an ad..downloaded to try ..asked a bunch of questions then when ready to start... presents fee options...no free version...UNINSTALLED
Way too expensive! Would have been happier if there was a trial option atleast for 3 days and I then pay 1300/month or 2500/year. Uninstalled!
Does not meet all my expectations. Meal recording is too limited
The app is definitely not free like the description claims...you go through the registration and then it conveniently takes you right to the page where you have to sign up for a monthly subscription. I immediately uninstalled it.
Irritated i lost my amount in this... App not working properly and no use of it... I am really tired in reinstalling the app. Refund the amount not able to contact the app developer. Really cheating...
This is one the most forceful unwanted ways to get people to use their product. If you are thinking about this be careful because these low life gangsters methods they use even when tell them you don't want it is scary. Crooks
Eight emails to the company....eight. I still don't have a refund. I'm getting a run around. Made the mistake of leaving my card on a phone my child had. She downloaded the app because she was being bullied. The day my card was charged I asked for a refund. I still don't have one. Now they are telling me I have to wait till 25 days of me trying the app before using their " money back guarantee" . What a hoax. It seems they are making up the rules as they go along! This app sucks!
Not worth the price. One can download similar apps for free.
Poor
Please give me money back my account is not on premium
Why would I sign up or spend any money without seeing the quality of the plan or functionality of the app?
Hate this
What type of trap that takes you through a long survey then offers you an monthly package paid annually for about $2.5 per month or paid monthly for about $15. Try to hire a better business developer! You're so close to spammers, guys.
Scam stay away. Not worth the headache.
I don't understand how to use the app. It's making me fast for 3 hours and I've not had breakfast yet.
I downloaded this app and paid for subscription but after short period I decided it was not for me. I cancel the subscription but after 3 months I was again charged. Wrote them email but it bounced back and now I'm afraid I'll get charge again.
Boring
Pretty pointless, you log what time you eat, then it tells you when to eat next in order to be fasting for 14 or 16 hours. It doesn't calculate calories or quality of calories. Just times of food and water intake. I don't recommend this.
I have tried to cancel my membership to no avail. They keep billing me 39.99 per month
It is nothing but a mere journal. I regret paying for an year
Don't download its not free
Too hard to use, can't update fasting times. Hates it , used 4 similar apps this was the hardest and had the least helpful information. Just don't understand why the "simple" one was the most complicated and least intuitive.
I like the theme and all the info. But, it's not good for OMAD as you only put one time meal and it began counting your fast during your meal time unless you insert another meal(?). I don't understand why it is this way.
Total waste of money and time absolute garbage why i should pay you money
It's a paid app
After reset of account data to try anew, despite using the same email address my subscription is gone in the app. Lost over 130PLN.
Paying for it no thanks
I just don't find it that easy to use.
it was not free apps to start with you need to pay
Have to purchase.. don't install guys
Billed 5x the amount quoted in the app. They refuse to refund me.
This company is a fraud. Took my money even after i canceled during the trial period. I spoke with the CSM he then said he cancelled again just to show he pulled my money unauthorized every month since then. They are not apart of my subscriptions or downloaded. Emailed proof but he's rude and CONTINUES ripping me off. Reporting on every platform until i get my money back. DO NOT USE.
The worst fasting app. I subscribed and not happy with the service or the app itself.
Highly chargeable
You download and go through a whole questionnaire just to get to the end and find out you can only use it if you pay monthly. I was aware that there were "in app purchases" as stated here on Google play but most of the time with that is just that you pay for premium features. Nit that you have to pay to use it at all.
Why make it a free download, then get the user so fill out loads of details about themselfs and then demand payment to go any further. If your Going to make it a free download then at least make in app purchases optional at the start.
I don't want to pay for something I can do for free. I've been monitoring my calorie intake for over a month and have lost 17 pounds.
I was charged twice and yet the features are still locked on the app
Too costly
Paid app
You must pay to "use the plan", waste of time entering all my info ...
Tell people it cost $30a month up front
It looks free asking for ur info after all ur details input, it asks for money to start.
better don't install it if u thinks its free app that wnt to help u
Makes you download and fill out questions only to charge you 16 a month. Free trial would've been nice or advertised that its virtually not usable if you don't pay.
Very odd proposition by the app maker. Pay us first then we will let you know what are you purchasing. Want trial of 7 days we will charge you almost double after trial expires. Think about your business model genius. At least let us know beforehand for what a person will pay you.
Bad
Tried to charge for this... laughable...there's tons of better apps for free
All for money .....
You have to pay for it!
Don't waste your time, data and money on this app.
Waste of money
..there are many others apps who provide free service
Do not download if you are not willing to pay a monthly fee. There is no free or trial version
Waste
I dont normally post poor reviews, this one is needed though. Doesn't make it clear this is a subscription service until after completing information, and only then did I find that out by reading other reviews as my screen was blank. Clicking on the subscription link didn't take me anywhere. Uninstalled and would encourage others to avoid.
Write it down its fully paid
This is very bad it is also asking for payment
Without showing any samples this app asks for money and that too, too much.. there are so many apps which are better than this app and also gives you the samples for atleast 1 or 2 weeks.. literally disappointed after downloading this app complete waste..
Have to purchase before it gives you any information. Don't waste your time. Rather pay a personal trainer for a personalized plan.
Very bad
Worst app. Pay first to continue
Pathetic. Before you ask for money understand there should be a trial period. So greedy??? Uff.... Uninstalling it right away. Worst.
Doesn't give any value without paying. I don't even know if the app is any good since they ask for money just to start using it
Expensive
All you need to do is buy membership 😂😂😂
Hay would you pay for this?..... not worth it.
Poor app
Really bad app. Do not waist your money on it. If the screen is locked you are not notified how much you still have to run. You practically need to run with the phone in your hand and unlocked. After you run you don't get any detailed data about your exercise, only the distance and the calories burned. I pay 29eur for nothing.
Lies
You can only gain access to the plan if you pay a subscription fee. Completely pointless!
Installed it just to give 1 star rating. Make it paid. Greedy company.
Awful
Use less
They want your money right away. Not worth the money. Go for 60 min run a day and watch what you eat. You will lose some wight along the way
Don't pay
This is an absolute rip-off! They won't give me a refund and i only had it for 2 days! Terrible App. Stay far away
Ask to pay not a free app
Not actually free. You can't access anything without paying. Fraudulently categorized.
Dont install waste of time.
App is advertised as free product but you cannot get running plan without buying a plan
Very Expensive app
Useless app. Please do not be tricked into subscribing. It just takes your information and there is no detailed plan whatsoever to help you achieve your target weight. Bogus money-making scheme. You should be ashamed to develop something like this.
Misleading
Scam
Bad
Have to pay to even see
Fazool treen app
Simple work-out plan, not useful at all
Unistall it as quick as i installed. Dont waste ur time... after filling info it will ask u for a membership. $$$$ not free. What a waste of time No wonder why app is 2 stars. Developers and CEO ... this must be SAD right.... lol
Don't waste your time. Rudimentary plan for $15. You can find much better apps for free.
This app is useless and without even giving a single benefit , it wants money.
very bad and useless app wasted my time
Tell upfront that I have to pay, the amount is less but not taking due to unethical practises
Paid app
Won't give you any details without paying money
The app is asking for payment on registration. No free version available even for testing.
This app does not have any features, even my native huawei health has more features than this app very dumb app for which they want to charge you a heft fee and it says that for trial you can use it for 7 days and they will remind you 2 days before your trial expires but they do not remind you and directly start billing do not install this app or go for trial. Please let me know how to ask for a refund.
Yet another 'calculator' that at the end doesn't deliver the resulat, but asks for money
Worst app ever it doesn't even open without paying.Freaking gold digger
Dum app very silly hahahahaha sympathetic
The app should clearly state that it expects you to pay upfront. It misleads the user into believing that the usage is free.
Can't really see what it offers before paying. After paying you get a plan that doesn't make sense. Day 1 run 9 mins, day 2 run 18 mins, day 4 run 29 mins...I can barely do 9 mins and you want me to do 30 mins by day 4???
Stay clear. Not free at all
App is charging $15 a month just to tell you to run a few minutes a day and give a stop watch. Does nothing free OEM health apps don't.
Poor
How was this even published here?
App is NOT free.... it says that it will give you refund if you cancel before the 30-days but doesn't give you a refund. I purchased on Nov 7th and Canceled on Nov 28th. The app says that it will NOT Canceled until November 2021!! DO NOT PURCHASE. I WILL POST THIS ON ALL SOCIAL MEDIA too. So disappointed.
App is bs it immediately asks for money
Need to purchase subscription to use
Fake app ,it just wants to eat your money
WARNING you have to buy it before it tells you anything.
It's a money making scheme
Scam
Makes you pay. Gayy
This App is a waste of time. You cannot start it without paying them. There is not any free plan in this App. Don't start the questionnaire if you don't want to pay.
Fully paid no use
Debited my card twice even though dint want their subscription
If you buy...it tells you nothing
You are cheating people out, don't advertise your app as free cause it's not. What a complete waste of time.
Useless app
Never install this ...... I am very..... Angry
You can't get any plan or guidance at least you pay... Download and uninstall in 3 minutes.
Useless, wasted my time and money
Just run no need to pay. Waste money can buy others things to loose weight
Scam
No way to get the feature without paying . No way to have the customer experience with this app before made the layment. Dont waste your time.
ABSOLUTE CON,WILL TAKE YOU ALL THE WAY TO THE END THEN TRY CHARGING YOU £15 A MONTH BE VERY CAREFUL
Worst app... It's all paid ... Bloody Moneyminded.... atleast u should have offer free version for beginners
Stupid app
Click bait $$$$ too expensive
Wasted my time putting my info.. and then it charges you. Bad app
Doesn't tell you until you pay
Incredibly misleading, it asks for all your information, stats, goals then puts you to the subscription page. Nothing is free on this app its subscriptions only.
You have to pay to use it. Don't bother downloading
Requires subscription. I do not recommend wasting your time downloading this app.
Pay to Use... Useless...
Isnt free
App offered as free, but it is not. Awful practice. Can't even use the app, but the company consideration to user is minimal, otherwise the app ads wouldn't lie.
Very basic. Can't change settings. £29 For just counting steps nothing more that a day time fraud.
Only good graphics rest is nothing great . Plus asks for money without giving taste of app
Rubbish app
Fake app
Useless, dont waste your money, uninstalled
It's a bloody paid click bait app. Screw developers like that. Google must inform users by prompting a warning sign before installing a app whether it's free or requires you to pay without allowing a free version, in it of itself. I'll write to google
Very bad app
Very bad
One needs to subscribe before using the app 🤦🏾‍♂️
Very rudimentary running plan and activity recording. You can't even see what it's offering without paying. "run a bit today. Run a bit more tomorrow. Record the time you ran for" Get strava. Or one of the other many free apps. If you actually spend the same money subscribing to Strava, you get a lot of features.
Bakwas hy ye last me paisy mang rhy hn kutty
Wants you to pay for the program...nah
Not a free app
גועל נפש
Dont waste your time cant see anything without paying ....just terrible
Paid app only
misleading app. don't download
Worst application...Pls don't download...waste of data and time...they want your money to access features.... terrible...can't give zero stars
Fraud
Waste
Ignore this app. It should have been described as...If you want to lose money, use this apps.
Not free! Wants money before showing you anything.
Only goes to 331lbs. I'm at 360. And you have to pay before it even tells you what routines or help it offers.
Most worse app
It's not working without money
Most of the negative reviews have been about 1 single thing, people are frustrated that after a few minutes of downloading and filling out the required credentials, they're asked for $15 minimum to use it. This simply comes down to a lack of integrity and transparency. If the developer had business sense, they would be completely upfront that this is a paid app before you even download. Fix that and I bet you'd have a higher review average. BTW, I deleted it. Shady people don't get my money.
This app is a scam
Greedy, offer nothing until you pay.
This is a time waste material i suggest all of u do dont wates your time in this app
Worst worst worst ....delete the app from playstore itself ..fake
Fake
Waste of time and money. We pay for nothing. You guys have to work it out to get better version.
Makes you fill in all information and then you have to pay to get further waste of time
I'm not paying for something I don't know about
Very bad
Really bad app Overcharging a lot for a little task.
Stupid apps
Why free app....when there is nothing available
Expensive and false infoma3
Terrible
I purchased the subscription and afterwards got a new phone. When I re-downloaded the app I found no way for me to login to my account. An error message continues to appear after completing the initial information stating you are already subscribed, but there's no way for me to access my fitness plan on my new phone. A waste of money.
Don't fall for this app, delete from play store. Stupid scam.
Not a free app
Total garbage leads to believe it is free but it is not, additionally the amount they are asking our extremely overpriced. SCAM!!!
Pathetic
Absolutely atrocious!
This app is totally paid and you can't even start it without going further. They'll make you input your data again and again. Totally waste of time and space.
Misleading subscription
Really bad!! You can't try it before purchase....
Bad app.
App behind paywall
Hi. I mistakenly selected the whole year subscription, and want to cancel it immediately now. It has only been 5 minutes since my payment. There was a 7day ttial thing but now I can not find any place where I can get my money back. Please help. Thanks.
Makes you fill in a load of details to then ask you to pay and wont let you go any further
Bloody crooks
Stupid app.
No trial, just pay before use... No thanks.
Te obliga a pagar sin siquiera saber si la app va a acorde al uso que el usuario necesite.
All they want is just subscription fees and don't provide any personal assistance for losing weight totally feeling cheated after installation of this app.
These mfs will take your every input and will later ask to buy plan to continue towards your plan
Expensive
Makes you spend money before it tells you anything
Instead of paying so much for the plan as a individual one would actually try that out by self and identify how much time would be required to reduce the weight
It's not free
Weight loss help should be free
Someone that does not even give an option to opt out before accepting the T&Cs and making a payment is a crook. So why would I support such a developer?
This app is only to make money
Too expensive. There's much better free apps like runkeeper, don't waste your money
Have to pay
Useless app, can't do anything with it. There are much better apps out there
In end it's a paid app
Total waste.
Subscription only
Should mention upfront that it is paid
Worst app
Money hungry app! At first it asks for weight, height, est to build your profile and plan. Then the app asks for money to continue. Its garbage!!
No free, there's a paywall before you see your plan. Waste of time.
I normally dont post power reviews but this app is useless.. and it has false advertisements there is nothing for free on this app I have to pay nooo man
Bad experience with it
The price is ridiculous
Is not free app
Todo te cobran super mala
App dosent mention access is paid. So the download is a complete waste unless one pays first. Atleast a video with some basic information about how the app works will help.
Dont waste your time or money
It's really bad app also time wasting app
Should have been a paid app. Not to be told it's got a payment plan after downloading and setting up an account
Its a paid app
Just forces you to subscribe after u put in ur stats. I dont know how good the app is but if it was good they wouldnt paywall it like that.
Scam
How takes money before demonstration? Deleted it right away
There is no trial period
Hey guys don't waste your time here
Bait and switch you have to pay
Scam app. scammed me of R314
It isn't free
Bastards.. Bloddy scammers
Misleading
Terrible
Absolute rubbish! Unless you're willing to pay, don't bother installing it. The app opens into the questionnaire. Straight after answering the questions, you're presented with 3 payment plans and no other options, so you're unable to even view your results. I have never uninstalled a app so quick after installing it.
Worst application , very high charges
Subscription only model blows. Hard pass
Absolute rubbish, don't waste your time
What a waste of money. No rest days. Doubt any ethical/qualified person set this up. No nutrition advice. No nothing. Just amounts of times to run for EVERY day of your plan. Dangerous.
Waste of time
Disappointed.
Need to pay
Its paid
App of no use.
Free trial can't be used with out payment
Without Credit card or money Can't open this app... Not in free
Dont waste your money
Wasted my time
Not useful
Fraud app
They charge you... Wasted my precious time
Your apps is too expensive much more expensive than the Spotify, its inly a plan and the success rate is dependent on the user not in your app. I think you may consider it lowering at Php150 per month like Spotify. You know economy of scale makes a lot of profit.
Fooling us by asking charges,should have mentioned somewhere...why after filling everything
Past reviews are enough to describe this app. Google play store should have to ban,this kind of Apps. By reviewing customers.
Overpriced dumb app
The worst app. Don't download
Just atrocious. Useless if you pay and useless if you don't.
Pay only....
Asks money at the last step, won't recommend this app, unless you want to pay 1400 Rs a month for pretty much nothing.
Another paid app
Pathatic
Not free at all. Terrible app.
Doesn't even give basic intro to the plan after filling up so many questions. Why would anyone buy ur plan without even having a look at what u r providing ?
Is is possible to give star is - negative? I saw ad on Instagram and download that. I was very happy when the app started and asking me relevant questions to make chart for me. When i wasted my 10 minutes at end of entering data they said please pay 🤣🤣🤣
I've seen better free apps then this one!
Disappointed with the app, as u can't really have a preview for the functions. It will directly ask for payment once u fill in your details. Might as well google
Very bad app
Useless.
Terrible and horribly expensive
Misleading app
Ridiculous - don't waste your time
Not free :-(
Pathetic
Have to pay for everything
False advertisements The app has false advertisements from what shows you on social media, and from what it can actually do. Already contacted developer for a refund and they limited to reply that google gives developer the final call as to what it and what isnt refundable ACCORDING to the developer call. Deceiving, false and only looking for people's money.
not free
Money grinding app
Waste of an app. It asks all the info and then asks to pay... Really for a run plan you want 350 Rs a week. Typical Indian mentality shown by developers to extract as much money as possible. Inform in advance it is a paid app so people who don't / can't pay do not enter. Or just that you want to show to future investors (doubt if you will get one) the number of downloads.
Foolish app
Based on what the other reviews said, this app shouldn't be on here.
You need to pay upfront for something you aren't able to evaluate before paying. Tbh, it is too expensive for something you don't see. The developers can just whip up anything in there.
Fake
Didnt like for it want clear I have to pay
Waste of time
This app is horrible! How can we sign a petition to get rid of it??? Its a basic app, something that I could have created using Google search and an excel spreadsheet. I want my money back. Waste of time and money!!! This should have been free. If you are going to charge someone, at least provide quality services and plans. I will be asking for a refund!!!
Scam
I have purchased the app but it didnot meet my expectations, please refund my balance
Free to download and set up. Cost money to see anything after that.
Login is impossible. I reset my plan and It took me out. I had paid 3 months and now but no access to the app unless I paid again
Terrible waste of time, even once you pay, its useless and doesnt work, thankfully Google refunded me for this garbage
You're less helpful than a basic stopwatch. Nothing is customized about my plan what so ever. Not transparent at all. Very awful. I wanted my money back minutes after purchasing.
Its a scam! What a waste of money!
Bad app, can't to anything without paying TONS of money.
very bad app
money making app
Must pay to use
Pathetic
I thought the app is free...its not...and way much expensive
Very bad
not started without payment
No trial option! Need to uninstall.
This is the worest app i ever seen you need to pay a plan to lose weight its like really
You have to pay before seeing what's offering
Waste of time. You cannot go further unless u pay
Don't install.
Do not explain this app is not free in advance
Its not free , btw 1400 per month ,just only for running calculation,worst of time downloading it.
Stupid app
Nothing is free.
this is scam! bad developer! this shud be deleted. waste of time!
Bakwass app 👎👎
First they asked for aloot of Information when it all was ready they started to ask for money which was not informed before
It's demand a big price without giving anything so I don't like this
Nothing is free...worst app
It's free to download but you can't use or without paying.
Asks you to input all your data first, and then tells you it will only share any insight if you buy Into a plan. If that was made clear from the very onset. I would choose if I wanted to input data or not. They will ask me to drop a message on their website but that doesn't take away from the fact that they mislead you in the start.
What's the reason to put on free apps if it's not free
Bakwas
Begs for money straight away without providing anything at all
Free to download...to a pay wall. LAME! Just say it is a pay app up front.
I don't think you fully understand what free means.
Terrible practice to lie that an app is free when clearly it isn't. Weather it's good or not is irrelevant because if you can't trust a company from the start the company is worthless. I have been using running apps for many years, I recommend you go to any of the trustworthy companies as opposed to this one.
Bogus app
Worst
Ask so much money just to calculate chart, poor app deleting
Do not buy this . Its a overpriced scam. Offering some of the most basic features that a running app offers at a premium price . I should have read the reviews first ☹
Don't get to see anything with mechanics built in hoping you forget the subscription is there. Deleting immeidately.
Better to play Tetris! Don't install this garbage
You have to pay to even login
Misleading app. You have to pay upfront before you can access any features. Designed to look like a free app with a free download but cannot use any part of it. They should be honest upfront and put the cost on the play store ad rather than claiming to be a free download then charging for it. I get that apps arent free to create and run, and I'll pay for apps that I like, but intentionally misleading people to download and give out information then asking for payment is really low
Cant find away to log into the app after paying for a full year, cant use the app as it comes up with all ready subscribed waste of money
It is only a paid app. Worst scam
App makes you fill out a survey and then tells you you need to pay for a subscription for the results. Not helpful.
Subscription is too expensive
Don't install. Misleading and not at all good
Worse this is a shear time waste and money waste app
Paid app displayed as free Misleading the customer
Can do nothing unless pay
Ask for membership as long as you feed information
Worst app ever
Useless
It's asking for money..I would rather much see a dietician.
useless
Its a paid app8
Won't even let you see your plan until you subscribe and pay!
Not worth the money, dosnt do anything more then all the free apps on the market.
Fake app they askstraight away for money ... Dont download it and waste ur time.
Need to pay upfront😑
Scam that's what I think
Place it from start with payment. Don't waste our time.
Useless app - instantly asks you to pay without showing any of its features.
Not free - misleading. Had they been upfront I wouldn't have cared but this tries to play it off like they're free. You don't even get a free trial. I'd never pay for an app like this without trying it out first. Definitely use nike run club, strava, runtastic, run keeper, map my fitness... Basically use any of the well known apps that are free.
Waste
Huh just a way to earn money. Just trying to fool people.
Aucun intérêt il faut payer directement l'application n'a même pas fait ses preuves. Réponse : je comprends qu'il est impossible que l'application soit entièrement gratuite mais je pense qu'il faut revoir votre fonctionnement actuellement 80% des notes sont a 1 étoile essayer d'offrir 1 semaine gratuite et peut-être que les utilisateurs changeront d'avis.
they will ask you money first.no free trials.scam,worthless,useless
Absolute garbage and not intuitive at all.
Waste of time and requires in app purchases
There is nothing free here. Starts with payment. No trial or anything.
Waste
Worst
Takes all the information and then asks for payment just before the plan If you are confident of the product you should try free trials
Rip off
Useless aap
Can access anything. Not free app
How can you ask for money before even giving something? How can I assume that it is worth the money? Atleast give a glimpse of what should be done and if you want to continue then go for the plans. Expected more
Pay to do anything with this
Very bad app useless
Paid $30 for an app that you can basically do with keeping track on a Google spreadsheet. It does this computing thing like it is making a customized plan but the running plan is a joke. There's no way to change settings. It's basic as hell. And yes, you have to pay to try anything. Not worth it
Worst app ever you have to purchase for main reason you downloaded this app
Scam
One month plan was too costly.. app needs to create trust in the user first... you can't force someone to pay for whole year just to try out .. 7 days trial is not enough... as a user first i want to build my trust on the app by using it 1 month then only i will move to yearly plan. Keeping 1400 rs per month is absurd ... if app delivers what it promises.. definitely users will consider for yearly plan .. even if it is costlier than now ...
Totally Fake
Wants to be paid to show you what it can do. No thanks
Of course its a subscription. Ha!
Scam
Haha...this app is a scam. Use Noom app instead.
Terrible App, it's just an expensive pedometer, do not waste money, it does nothing the ads say it does. DO NOT PURCHASE!
Pay to enter the app
What a misleading app. Don't download it.
Very bad not a free application. After taking all the information from user it's showing the subscription page.
DO NOT INSTALL. SCAM APP (0/10)
The most useless app in existence. Get bombarded with ads on Instagram. But then after downloading and entering details it takes you straight to payment plan. Let me try it out first and experience the complete app then ask me to pay. Also payment should be according to the time it takes the person to lose weight. Why should one pay for 12 months or 3 months when they are done with the app in 2 months. It would be better if you make this a paid app.
Trick you to purchase their training plan..
Not useful
Misleading adds
Worst
Data Stealer
Misleading, don't waste your time, it is not free
No trial option, waste of time.
No Free Trial.. That's bad
Lies on advertisement! I truly hate when companies do this!
Full of same old same old information you can get ANYWHERE
App kept freezing first time I tried to use it. It's a great idea...just not worth $40 for a product that doesn't work
Not worth the money. Just do some research and go from there, this app sucks.
Not worth the money, should be a free app
Waste of time filling the data to find out that to procees you need to pay. I'm fine with paid apps, but I want to know in advance 1. The cost, 2. The availability to try at least a week. Wastes 5 mins of my time.
There should be more upfront info on the cost etc that is clear to users prior to download. Grrr.
The workout finishes after the warm up
useless if you are not subcribe for a dollar weekly
Its scam not free
Takes your data and you need to pay
Misleading information. Paid app. Nothing special.
You can ask for money before asking so many details. Not everyone is that rich, you know?
App is not free of cost ... simly i wasted my time by inputing details ... they could have mentioned the cost factor of its involved
Its so expensive
Why should I pay if I am not aware of the features and how it will help. You should offer at least two weeks trial for users so they can see if it is beneficial for them or not, rather than paying all together.
Not a free app, to do anything inside the app, we need to pay. I understand apps where we need to pay for additional features. But everything is paid in this, just move to paid versions if you like to keep averything paid. Waste of time
This is not a free app. It's a paid app. What's worst is you don't even know if it's good or bad till you pay. Just put this up as a paid app instead of scamming people just to increase downloads
Absolutely waste of money,using paid app, Google fit does better than this. Big time cheater app. Dont subscribe
Misleading. Its payed and very bad application. Never install. They will ask the information and at the end they will ask for money.
Have to pay no trial
Its not free. Enough said.
NOT FREE
Misleading
No trial before payment. So am not interested 😄
No trial, waste of time. You just build the profile and that's it, after this you have to pay and over £3 per week is a bit more than naughty
Pay them to tell you to run?
Don't install spam app
Misleading. Will ask for information and then tell you that you have to pay to see anything. Maybe if there was like a week trial I'd give it a shot.
Not a free app
Misleading app. Ask you to enter all the data just to reveal that you have to buy a plan to view any guidance or assessment.
Don't even bother
Fudu
Kak app, not accurate at all
not worth
Worst app. Misleading
Misleading
Not free - misleading
Misleading and useless
Makes you fill in all your details, tells you it's created a plan, but you can't actually see the plan as it's sat behind a paywall, should have been clearer about that upfront. I don't mind paying for a decent fitness app but without even a 1 week trial I'm not going to pay for something that has a review score of only 3 stars.
What's the use of this app when you have to pay to get even the least information. What if I don't like your plan after your subscription. Witnessed first app which is like this. Uninstalling it right away
Pointless
Complete waste of time
Not working stupid app
It is all about the money first.
My boyfriend installed this app on my old phone as he thought it was free and it has charged my bank account 28.99 quid. Iv emailed them for refund and heard nothing back. If you see my review can you please reply on here or email me back. There's no option for refund on google play except to cancel subscription. I want my refund first b4 I subscribe. So can I have a reply for my refund please? Thanks
Have to pay before even trying
Misleading app
Waste, paid app
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
Have to pay a weekly plan.
Its a misleading app. There workout plans are not free
PAID PROGRAM. DONT DOWNLOAD IT. WASTE OF TIME.
Stupid app If not Free then why filling data
Making people fool
First of all don't install it Such a time waste app After completing all it asking 2700 to pay
Very very very poor app . Strongly disagreed and i will not recommend this app to anyone .
No free version, wasted my time for 15 minutes .
you should tell us this is a paid aps
Bad app
Crashes on App start
I am unable to create and account, sends me to an admin page
Does not let me sign in.. not impressed!
Crashes as soon as it opens
This may be a great app, but I can't get past the login screen. There is no way to set up user accounts on my Galaxy S8+ that I can see. No links to more info or instructions of any kind.
Too many updates
Unusable since last update. Each time I try to login, I enter my password and it hangs at the login page indefinitely. Some times I get a "Bad Request" message. I have cleared the cache, data, uninstalled, to no avail. Please fix this issue.
Unable to access, password reset, did the uninstall and reinstall several times, type in email and password, tap sign in and nadda.
You have to constantly sign back into the app and it falls asleep immediately, this app is meant to replace asking covid-19 related questions in order to speed up check ins, but it would be much faster to just ask in person with this app constantly crashing, freezing, and signing us out (74+ different people using this app)
Horrible log in problems.
Horrible
Unreliable.
Meaningless
Bad update, added verification that crashes the app when you try to read the text to get the number or email for verification code then says you need a new one in a nonstop loop of not allowing access via phone only. Had to use two separate smart devices at once. One in the app while the other accessing email and texts to not crash the app.
You send a code to the work email addrees, when the app has to be used prior ro entry. You need to send it to the person's phone instead.
This could be done in a web browser, we don't need an app for everything
This app sucks! It is not user friendley to set up. Too many authentications just to ask a bunch of covid questions....
Terrible app. Makes me sign in 4 times since they forced the recent update and then still asks for touch ID EVERY DAY. I hate this app. Work forces it
The biometric option exists, but only pops up for use a third of the time. Otherwise an email, password, and a 6 digit code sent to a device is required every time you want to log in.
Sets alarms in my phone without my permission. Explictly against my permission in fact. There is a toggle in settings for a reminder. Its OFF. Now I have to log in with a verification code every day. What? What was wrong with me just putting in my phone passcode? Also I see the option to toggle the reminder is now GONE but it still sets them anyway. I dont want to use this trash, my employer has mandated it. At least make it convenient. Smh Why the eff does this bs need 3-factor authentication
It runs super slow and constantly tells me the connection is not secure...or stops and I can't get logged in causing issues with having to call in and delaying my work schedule further..I can't stand this.
Have to fully login everyday...and requires to many updates
Cannot get it to load on android!-! Help!-!
Doesn't work. Can't log in
Privacy policy stipulates that you waive HIPAA protections on PHI gathered by the app.
I hope no one made money off this garbage app. my teen could have done way better on the lame questions and the I/F . No science here
I cannot install this app on my Android phone, despite activating my account.
Your next to last update made me want to throw my phone across the room. I wouldn' because it was expensive, but sweet baby jesus. The recent update seemed to fix the issues I was having. So thank you for that.
Honestly, this program is not great at all. In addition to the obvious point that laypersons shouldn't be diagnosing themselves for a viral infection, the instructions for setting up the account are unexplained and selecting options are glitchy. Please remove this app from the store.
I hate the fact that it always needs an update n takes up space on my phone
Bad update, it doesn't allow me to use my biometric. It's a long process to sign in sending a code each time.
It sucks
Every update causes issues. With this last update, it no longer acknowledges the account. Have to re-register in which it will not send a code after requesting the code so far 14 times.
Totalky worthless app.
Crashes on startup.
Keeps crashing. One star is too generous.
Terrible app
The app does not work with Android. Please help. We have sent approx. 25 emails asking for help and no one has responded. It has been 3 days.
Still experience this after update 10/29/2020, I started using this app about 07/15/2020 and every day I must uninstall and reinstall ProtectWell in order for the login page to connect successfully, I have tried every technique for an Android app to get this app to connect but only uninstall and reinstall allows me to successfully login
Like others, can't create an account in order to proceed. Help???
In the beginning this app work well....Over time my employer has shared that I did not perform the check in ....When in fact that I did and got the All Clear to go to work. Since their is NO Confirmation Number to verify that it was done. For 7 1/2 yrs being with this company; I am one of the first employees in the office. Plus due to the many updates, it takes longer now. For 2 wks this app has been updating...with NO Results of App has finished Updating. Have not been able to Use Daily.
Absolute trash. Login error, interface not intuitive, questions do not properly address risks, mobile data tracking...
I downloaded this app for work. Upon download the login button did nothing. Solid application.
Doesn't work
Has issues keeps closing wont let me in to track
Keeps closing all the time
Glitchy
Hate it. Why does it constantly need to be updated...everyother week....PLEASE..
Does not send reminder notifications.
Look it has been very difficult to upgrade this plan and now I can't put in my daily wellness because it won't open anymore fo my entry it's now asking me to changey phone protect to allow it in when it worked before.
I think requiring biometric scanning for access vs a 4 digit access code (like last version) is intrusive. A user should have a choice. If you dont provide biometric (fingerprint, face, iris) you must login in using 2 factor authentication and is really inconvenient. I put in log in credentials 3 times before getting to 1 question. The log in process is terrible
Every day I have to type in my e- mail and password.
Does the employer has the right to ask the employee to install this app on his personal phone otherwise terminate the emplyment? Does this violate my 2nd amendment? Why there is no web version? Google should take this app down. This should not be created to spy on employess.
Requires log in, and opens in a browser. Its not really an app as it's just a link to a website
This app is owned my uhc and medicare.
The app wont let me create an account. It asks me to sign in with my email, which I do, and I can get a verification code, then it tells me account not found. I never registered an account, yet it doesnt give me that option, only sign in screen.
As soon as I press the `Sign In` on the very first page, before I even get to enter in credentials or anything: > # Something Went Wrong > An internet connection is required. Please ensure a stable internet connection and try again. Edit: I contacted support for help with my issue more than a month ago and haven't gotten a response. Two weeks ago, I had HR reach out directly to our UHC liaison and still no solution. Is this Google Fi VPN related?
Had update 2 times in one week
This app doesn't keep me signed it. I need to re enter my email and password everyday.
Bad design for COVID-19
I have to keep reseting my password because it doesn't keep me logge in. Why does my password have to be so complex? I'm not protecting financial or personal information.
Almost weekly updates are a joke
Waste of time
App crashes every time I click sign in on my Galaxy S7.
It wont let me into my keyboard to type the verification code, asks me to enter a random security code every time. Two factor verification does not need to be done every day.
Don't like it
I can no longer use with update. It requires me to check for a code sent to my work email to be able to enter app. As this app is supposed to let you know if you should go to work or not, it doesn't do what it is supposed to do if you have to go o work to use.
Forced update taking a long time.
Even after the "update" app still sucks!! It still gives me an error message saying that I need to be connected to the internet This app sucks!!! What's the use of us having an app for work when it doesn't open. Mine keeps telling me that I need an internet connection. I am connected to the internet. No other apps of mine are having an issue. Plus, this app, if it ever works again, it needs to include a question about whether or not we've had contact with someone who tested positive for covid.
The HIPAA Privacy Rule protects most “individually identifiable health information” held or transmitted by a covered entity or its business associate, in any form or medium, whether electronic, on paper, or oral. The Privacy Rule calls this information protected health information...this app makes you waive your right to privacy and collects your personal information.
The app is not working today. !!
App worked for over a month then a day ago stopped. It crashed. Did everything my IT people told me - cleared my cache, did a restart on my phone and reinstalled the app. Still doesn't work.
the app wont even open
This app is will not let you past the login screen. Completely useless.
It is truly an amazing product that is as good if not better than Microsoft windows millennium edition
Error, cannot login. Some upgrades fix it, the next upgrade breaks it.
this is bs will not let me sign in
Just never works
Same review as others. No option for creating a new account.
Would be OK as a "box checker" app if not for app policies. Simple daily use interface with list of major symptoms. Basically asks you if you have or have had in the last two weeks any unexplained occurrences of a dozen or so symptoms, and if you say "no" you are done. Invasive 1- side privacy/ data sharing policies, including trying to sign away their HIPAA legal responsibilities, limit user legal redress and representation.
It says to use United Health ID to log in on front of app, but then requires your email. When I put in email and pwd it says wrong email or pwd. When I click forgot pwd it says my email does not exist, so I can't use this app!
Absolutely hideous app. Scrap it and try again
Completely broken. Does not recognize internet connectivity, so it's not possible to log in.
There is no sign up option? 1/7/21 Update has since added a "register" option. Thank you!
Have to keep updating
Too many upsates. Annoying!
Too much updating every week
Keeps crashing on my phone. On my 5th reinstall of this terrible app. Google Pix XL Edit. Found out that my security software is blocking the platform this app runs on, ib.adnxs. This is one of the latest versions of browser hijacking and page redirects. Google it. A shame we have to use this software when the company that requires it is all about security when their own app is flagged as malware because of its underlying platform ib.adnxs.
Four updates later and they STILL haven't fixed the daily check-in reminder!
Constant re-updates, pain in the neck
Not even letting me sign in Says invalid id or password. No option of signup also
Terrible. Why does it wait until after I login to tell me the app needs to be updated? Then I have to login a second time. What a waste of time.
It doesn't work. Every time I click check symptoms, I get an error. I've tried while connected to WiFi and LTE, with my VPN on and off. I've even tried uninstalling and reinstalling the app. It still won't connect to let me answer the symptom survey.
Useless without an account but there is no way to create an account.
I don't see the need for constant updates to the software .enough already.
App keeps stopping
Not impressed. Doesn't have a question on whether you are a caregiver of a high risk family member. And after first sign in the User id should auto populate at least. Though setting up a finger print access, would be helpful.
Continuosly crashes at launch.
It does not remember what you entered 30 mins ago. There are employees that live more then 15 mins away from work, and if you use this before that and open the app again you have to re-answer the questions. What is the point of this app if you can't use it before leaving home?
Totally useless product, in its present state. If someone is determined to get to work, they'll do so, by faking responses to the questions.
Can't log in and out had been nothing but a pain.
Doesn't let me get past the login screen to even register.
Latest update removed biometric login. Putting in password is a waste of my time.
Always updating every time you sign in.
Login Bad... Iogin with my work email and password at UHG and ir does not work!
Continues to tell me that my user doesn't exist. Sent 2-3 emails for help and have heard nothing. Please help.
2 hours and still not installed
Forced update while not able to connect to wifi, therefore requiring me to use data for a company app.
Stop updating. Have do delete other apps for this pointless app
The app is clunky amd hard to use if My job didnt mandate it I would not be using. It always has issues signing in at Peak times. Need to fix these bugs, if you want this to be useful for contact tracing. It gives me no level comfort as employees dont follow protocol.
Can't save login info. Takes too long to log in. Don't like using a phone for this. I'd rather do this on my work computer. Also, seems like we could just let our manager know we're having symptoms and not work. The app seems pointless. And I work from home anyway.
Can't regulate days for reminder and even though time for reminder is set, sometimes its hours late sending notification.
I have to type in my full email address every time I log in which is everyday. Since this is on my phone it should allow me to stay logged on.
Isn't this common sense? If you don't feel well, stay home. Waste of time/resources.
Perpetually crashes when I try to login
Takes too long to log in and complete. Don't like to use my personal cellphone for work related activities.
'Something went wrong' (uh...nothing wrong here). Un/reinstalled, power cycled, un/installed, check with team, just my android was affected since Nov 11th. 'An internet connection is required. Please ensure a stable internet connection and try again. Click OK button.' I also went to the website for FAQ or KB (knowledge base doc), nothing. No phone number to call in instead, since app aint working. App doesnt really work with company system, so showing a app is useless to security when they
Waste of time. Common sense doesn't need an app and another login.
There's no way to login so this app is currently unusable for non- customers.
Can't sign in
like a politician who creates problems on an "update" so the retarded dev / company still feels useful and has something to do..creates an issue every "update" wipes out finger print scanner entry, then autistic dev now adds "2-factor authentication" just for simple task of checking in for covid, a real IMBECILE of an amateur company > Protectwell < just so they can gather data on your phone number and email too (pretty soon maybe your contacts and txt messages) to "authenticate & for security"
Garbage! Why is it so difficult to log in? Initially, everything was fine, except that you can:t see the password as you try typing it in a tiny space on a tiny key pad on your phone. But then they updated the app and tried two-factor authentication. But they sent the code to my work laptop, which was IN THE OFFICE, while I was at home! I'm back to using my work email address, but keep getting stuck in a loop requiring me to log in multiple times.
Requires two-step authentication EVERY time if your phone doesn't support biometrics (or you don't have usable fingerprints). Also, requires update every week--and for low-storage phones, that's an issue. Overall , poorly constructed and does not accomplish what it claims to--only insulates the company from liability. Testing kits would be more effective.
It's horrible. It shouldn't have to be so difficult to login to an app that we are required to use. And STOP asking me to turn on touch ID!!!!
This app appears to do nothing useful. If you report a symptom, it tells you to call a number.
Very slow
Terrible! A verification code is sent to my email although my computer is packed up ready to go to the office. Then it asks for my cell#! I do not have a company owned cell phone, i will not give my personal cell#. Did our employer authorize you requesting our personal cell#? 2/3/2021 - worst APP! Who has 10 plus minutes & several verification codes & still cannot sign in? Continued error message incorrect code!
Too many updates too often. Unable to log in half the time. Requires me to delete other apps on my phone in order to install an update
I signed up on my laptop and can't sign in using my phone. NOT HAPPY
Glitchy every time
Why promote hatred via the "anti-racism/blm" section?? There is nothing compassionate or tolerant about blm, try reading their official website... They have hijacked the race issue to push for a literal Marxist revolution, which would involve great bloodshed and misery for all races involved. I'm sure it comes from a good place but seeing things for what they are has to be an important companion to compassion.
One of the worst app ever seen. I don't know why users rated it five star. It's very slow app and consumes alot of data. My 500 MB has gone but still failed to load any data. Hanging alot. There is available offline option but it doesn't work at all. All just foolish to increase its popularity. Extremely disappointed as I have downloaded as per users reviews but sadly didn't match with user comments.
I'm not able to play at all why❓ And you said it's free
I installed this app and never saw a thing anything I tapped on it would just say buffering smh
The meditation I did was very shallow and did not guide me smoothly through it, felt kinda forced. It did not make me reflect and it was too slow. Also some background music would be soothing.
Should name this app Take a deep breath and wait 5 minutes. Every session is the same.
It is not working on my phone properly . After a weak of downloading this app , it stopped functioning ..
It isn't playing anything just loading
I downloaded lots of sounds and voice meditations but when i try to turn off the wifi all my downloads is not working. Im disappointed. I really thought this is an amazing app especially cuz it has offline sessions. Poor experience is all i can say
Extremely slow, totally unusable.. though a great, commendable initiative.. please do something urgently, to help me use the app.. thanks.
Looks good but kept crashing and wouldn't work
The app is crashing so many times, What shall I do? (Samsung Galaxy J 700F, Android Version 6.0.1) pls help!!!
I play the "play" Button and nothing is happening 💔🙂 there is no problem with my network connection or my phone but first time i heard William saying welcome but i changed the voice and after time an play the button nothing is happening ?!!!
It was working for 2 months until it unexpectingly crashed today. Tried opening it again again but it stops working. I'm extremely disappointed.
App is not working nowadays!!!😞
Its so hard to download a single meditation please fix it.
Too woke. Deleted.
Anti-racism & covid sessions but not a single one for PAIN control? I have severe injury- I am less worried about covid or my racial tendencies than my need to calm my body- breathe through the tears when my pain levels spike- ease my nerves & mind when the dr informs me of progression of paralysis. My therapist has me meditating daily. None of these sessions here addresses that. Call me selfish -racial thoughts not even a thing when fighting debilitating pain & fear of prognosis. App not 4 me
Could not figure out how to use it
Buffering Buffering and Buffering. Will change my review if it work well
Meh. Color me unimpressed. I can sit in a chair and breathe any time. All these guided meditations do is make me anxious because I feel like I'm supposed to be doing something. It actually makes me MORE stressed and then I feel like a failure because nothing happens. And this is supposed to HELP? I have more than enough ways to feel like a failure without adding more.
Downloading content does not work properly: 1) Downloads are always placed in internal memory storage regardless of where the app is installed. There is no way to change this; and 2) It is pointless to download any content as the app must still be connected to the internet or data in order to play any of your content, whether downloaded or not.
It should say that It's a totally paid app before downloading. I mean you can't do absolutely anything without paying
Fake
Wrost ever
It is asking money on the trial worst appp
They only wants money... non sense
Not free
They stole my $60.00 for nothing I swear this is a bad app never install this app please dont waste your time on this app it's a fake app
Makes you create a plan wasting 15 minutes then when it's time to start...THEY ASK FOR YOUR MONEY.
Paid app
🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
Terrible app
Liked it until I hit the paywall didn't get any further than that
Does not advertise as a paid only app. You cant use it without a subscription.
So first of all your app has great starting questions, but locking everything behind a paywall is just scammy. Your whole business model is god awful. You had a chance to make an amazing app to help everyone. But no, you had to go that route.
Great idea. But poorly functioning App. Freezes over 90% of the times. Updates make the App worst. Can not customize. Company won't refund after I paid for a year and showed proof that App is not functioning. Won't recommend it.
Got my Fitness program ready, now to pay all my money how about no...
Can't use if u don't pay
Shittty
asking payment
Shitt app🤮💩
I'm only a teenager and they ask me to pay to workout!! What the f***, there is no point of paying
In last it is asking for money.
Why does a fitness app require a subscription? This is bologna
Everything paid Worst app Nam bade darshan chhote
Bad app don't download it
Too bad than I thought
Doesn't work, I have to cancel within minutes of subscribing as none of the video work. Very disappointed 😞
Hello thats ridiculous...you said the app its free but when I installed it I was charged 28.99£ ...I want my moneh back this is absolutely ridiculous.
Itne paisa kon dega free bol k paisa mangara
Where can i find my workout plan ????
This app said it was free untill you download it. It is not free and I want it removed please!
Why don't you provide trial first? So customers will ATLEAST have the idea of what they're getting themselves into? Sad. :( Sorry but nope. 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
Monthly subscription was charged with 820 ine but the subscription is not provided. Extremely unsatisfied with this app. Need my refund asap. Because its not even showing in the google dat i opted for this apps subscription.
Scam. This is NOT free.
May be free to install but it costs to even use the app
You people should tell in discription that it ia a paid app. Be honest
The process was completed by a child and an amount of 549.99 Egyptian pounds was withdrawn, and the application has no importance for me, and I want to recover the amount as soon as possible
I thought it was monthly. Then all of a sudden they billing me for 1 year subscription. This is illegal. Please assist tkyou
I don't have the money to sign up for it which stinks because i really wanted to try it
I selected the per week plan for which the money should be deducted weekly, but automatically the yearly charges got deducted. I would complain in consumer forum if I dont get my money back. Pathetic experience
Not free
NOT FREE. Free to download, but you have to pay to use it. Don't advertise that its free when its not.
Not actually free.
It is expensive
You have to pay to get this app and it doesn't say that until you install it
Says free trailer but you have to actually purchase before any free trialer.
O app não funciona! Comprei e não tenho acesso a nada
Costly
Not free
Not a free app!
What happened? I signed for 3 months, registered and you charged my cc but I haven't received a confirmation, nor access, nothing.
Ive paid for the app and subscribed but cant access it.. really dissapointed as i was eager to try it and dont want to lose any money.
7 day free trial is a scam. I downloaded this under the impression I would be able to try the app before any purchases. Immediately my account was billed. DO NOT DOWNLOAD THIS APP unless you want to pay an annual/monthly subscription up front.
Even trial isnt free. How can one get to know whats there in the app? Dont download this app, its useless
They want your credit card before you start...
Same as Be Yoga, but only found out once I subscribed
It sucks that i have to pay for it
Very poor App, Fake advertising promised a free trial
This app is definitely not for beginners. Was very hard to follow did not take enough time to allow you to position yourself in the pose if you are a first time yoga person. Again it's just not a good app for a beginner
Not free and not useful until you subscribe!
App isn't how advertised. Once installed and paid for there was no custom plan for weight loss just yoga videos that you could select. Nothing special or tailored.
Quite expensive for a free app.
Worst app I ever had. Doesn't work. They keep charging you even after cancellation !
I won't pay
I want zero number for it if they have option first they say i week free trail and now straightaway they took money from account its ridiculous i want to complain google play this is not good.i download this app and straightaway i delete it and they charge me how and they say first week free. Rabuish app.very very disappointed💔
When app is FREE to download I expect to get at least the basic features for FREE but here you got NOTHING at all. No trial period, no free options, nothing! After download you need to select few answers for the questions regarding your weight, high, body shape etc.. and after that you have the option to chose between monthly (~$17) or yearly payment (~$35) and that's it. Thank you but I'm allergic to fake FREE offers. This is more a scam than a fair offer.
Very negative - sign up includes stating your "problem areas" which include things like saggy breasts and arms. Yoga is a beautiful spiritual practice - NOT to be used to target people's insecurities and promote hatred towards certain body types. Breasts can sag with breast feeding, one of the most beautiful and selfless thing you can offer your children. It is not a "problem area".
I like it
Bakwaaaaas
It does't work
Highly disappointing u hv to tell tht u vill charge after installing
Very disappointing After giving many inputs asking for subscriptions and payment... Many apps are working without payments
The worst ever app to be incorporated in play store. How did google even allow this app to be part of its play store. It automatically cuts the amount from Googles linked account. There is no security policies that they are following. I wanted my money back, but how do I reach out to the owner/manager, that's a big question. Why the hell should I pay for something that is worth not even to be taken for free..... guys dont get trapped with this app.....
App sucks ass!
Sounds like a robot and goes through each move too fast for a beginner.
Its not free😡
I upgraded my phone and can no longer access the app. It takes me through the entire purchasing process. Waste of money.
Why would i pay for something i can use youtube for
Wheres the trail? I cant even see if this app works or even worth it. But you automatically want my money without me being able to try it out.
What free?😅
Thought it was a free app - right away it u have to subscribe to a " free* trial or annual subscription
Very bad application.. they took the subscription money and the application is not working
Pay for app, no trial. I installed just to go through some questions and then be told I must pay to go further. I might have paid, but not before seeing what I'm getting. It provided absolutely NO information on what i would be paying for. So I uninstalled it. Feels like a scam.
You should pay from first second
I am really disappointed with this app. I signed up because it seemed quite a good way to get some daily quick practices in. So I subscribed for the annual subscription which is $91 and for which I was charged immediately. Nowhere does it say that I will be charged for the full amount after saying it is $1.77 a week. Can anyone advise on how I can get my money back? My subscription only started yesterday.
Tricky. Paid for a year expecting amazing App and because it doesn't meet description or my expectation, cancelled subscription one month later. No refund can be issued, so I ended up paying for nothing!!
Terrible work out.
It only gives you workouts no "plan"
I can't access the free trial, it should give. If you want to have plan then you need to purchase 1st. That's 👎 bad and ridiculous .
Before taking trial how one can pay first.... disappointing it is
Sorry to say...but it failed to reach standards
Not a free app beware....
Why does it ask for money when joining
Dont like it cause it anit free
How would I know if it is worthy or not unless free trail period.
No trial? Strange you'd expect someone to pau without even knowing if it works!
Stuff is paid. Don't install if you want a free work-out app.
You have to pay to use!!! I wish they tell you before the download. Delete
I paid for a year through PayPal and cannot make this app work. It just goes in a loop of asking questions and shows no content. I have tried messaging to no avail. I am very cross that you took my money and left me with nothing!
I couldnt access anything.. it got stuck at disclaimer stuff
lo tenes que pagar si o si, incluso para el trial de una semana
Me siento robada... Pargué la suscripción por un mes y se saltó del día 5 al 8 y el día 11 me pide un código para comprar un paquete con nutrición y más ejercicios... Además que los ejercicios de los días anteriores ya no me los deja ver más .
خدعه و البرنامج ب ٣٣ دولار للشهر
Tells you it will take your money and is non refundable before you can see what it offers. You can't cancel in app . It tells you to cancel via Google but there is no option to do so. Beware.
I hate this 🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️I thought I'm just going to work out on my body but what keep poppings is payments 🤦‍♀️it suckss
im not feel to click this app so i don't want to pay it
This will be just a waste of your time. Make sure to read all the reviews before downloading. The reviews says it all.
Clicked subscribe in error and can't cancel, tried the app for 5 mins and didn't find it useful, have paid for a year
DxcfdsSwrx centenarians r SD to j duct en yrd
U can't start it cuz u need to pay first what a fake app ia this why do u tell me that i need to pay before downloading it. I lost ny time dowloading this stupis app
I didn't know it's for sale, I'm deleting.
I downloaded the app because it was labeled as FREE but when I gave details it then took me to a page that listed subscriptions rates. I immediately deleted the app and hope I am not now billed.
What a waste of data
Didnt like this app after the first day of trying. I tried to cancel many many times. Kept telling me no connection when i had full service every time. Then when it pulls $49 from my card then lets me cancel. Just a money money money .. Ugh!!
Bad they will not allow to exit without paying
What a waste of my time! Why don't put the price to the app before making you download it and go through the process, to then ask you for money? Uninstalled!
No free trial first asking money
Third class app
Seriously? Not even a chance to know if what we are paying for is actually worth it.Definitely no star if it were possible...I should have read reviews before downloading this app🙄
It is not free
They are just taking your money, time waste app
App does not indicate that you are required to accept billing before installation. That's cheating. Am uninstalling right away. Useless for me ☹️
You can download free but you need to pay in order to use it. So uninstalled it. :(
I didn't see them
Shame you don't see anything before forcing a subscription, even with a free week subscription it's not worth it without seeing any content first. Offering a lite version or even access to see what is offered first would be nice.. Update/Reply- In fact it is not "impossible" to offer a view into what your app offers before forcing a payment plans. Thousands off apps on the market are capable of offering a lite version or a minimal view into your content so the consumer knows what it's buying.
False advertising, it's not free
Don't waste ur time n data
Don't ever install this app. Ever. I made the mistake of installing this app without reading the reviews. I have installed the app and nothing opened without selection of thr payment methid even for free trial. And the app went ahead and deducted the money for subscription. Poor me was thinking i must have given the permission. Since the payment is made anyway, i decide to make use of the app, and what do i see, everything is locked, and now it shows I've to pay mire amount to access these.
Wanted to subscribe before proceeding to use the app.
This is a subscription that keeps renewing every week. There is no way to manage the subscription from the app. i had to seek special technical help from someone to figure out how to cancel this subscription. most people will just uninstall app without cancelling and end up paying weekly fees. Kindly offer to manage subscriptions from within the app.
Downloaded the app, paid for the month and the app does not open, can someone help me
I could not cancel my subscription and m not charged as well. I emailed them but no response. I don't know what will be the situation
Not so good
Pathetic experience very expensive. 360 for a week. 😂
If only zero was possible. It says in app purchases... You need to purchase to use the bloody thing. What a waste!
Bakwas app...firstly installation charge...nobody can download this app.
I paid for the app for the entire year in March. Reloaded it and its asking me to pay again? I think the creators are scamming people. I will go to police and get print the proof and open a commercial crime charge and use that to reverse the payment if its not sorted by Monday.
DONT INSTALL. Its payment first before using this app.
I was willing to pay and try this app...but after you answer all the questions it just closes. You can't go any further!!
Some confusion. I installed and uninstalled the app.. and I have not taken any subscription. Will the Google account still reflect non payment as mentioned in their T&C's.
Downloaded the app and answered some questions to get ready for the exercises. Instantly asking to pay... no free trial or week, to make sure I want to commit. Wouldn't buy into it without knowing what I'm getting into
Charged 3x for 1month
No personal plan was actually provided on the app - just a bunch of workouts with a start button. No timetable no overview no personalised direction.
Please take this off my account , I downloaded a cook book ,and this was attached to it I guess. Havent used it didnt download it , and its trying to take money from my account ,and thats not gonna happen.....And I had to give it a star just to my comment.
Assumes you want to lose weight, no option to put on weight, not everybody is obese
I have already paid for the subscription and the app does not work. It asks me again and again the same question and I do not have any workout plan . Help
Utter waste ... There is no trial.... Directly there are saying to pay a money.... Go to hell
False info charged for the free trial and no refund given. Contacted google play who refferd me to the app who then reffered me back to Google play no one willing to help and ive been charged for a "free trial" tjat was cancelled the same day downloaded. DO NOT DOWNLOAD UNLESS YOU WANT TO PAY. if i could give a 0 stars i would.
Horrible! You cannot get rid of it. My friends and I are now calling this the STD of fitness apps.
Horrible horrible horrible dont download!!!! It has alot of CHARGES AND NO REFUNDS NOT WORTH IT!!! LOTS OF GLITCHES AND PROBLEMS NOT WORTH $1.00
I'm very angry because uses have took £43.49 out of my bank and I don't even know what this app does or heard of it all I can say want a full refund as you have now left my 4 kids without any food for them to eat
Very very very bad experiance... I have paid in order to the application be activated but it is not ....and when i tried to refund ...google play refused my refund.....iam soooo sad ..and i did not get any use
DONT PURCHASE!!! IT DEDUCTS MONEY FROM YOUR ACCOUNT. AND IT DOESN'T WORK
There is no trial version, you download the app and before trying any workout you have to subscribe.
day 1 im already disappointed, chose the beginner level and found it very difficult, seems as though this is for people who are already in shape and isnt very beginner friendly at all
Yup its gonna ask money first before you even see anything lots of app out there where you can loose weight two thumbs down don't install.
Bkwas
It is a scam. If an app requires a payment, then there's an option for that on the store so you can know beforehand that you need to pay in order to use the app. In this case it's not like that and that's a complete lack of respect and professionalism.
This is worst app please download the app.. it's waste of money .. we can't even forward the videos it's from the beginning itself.. I will never recommend this app to anyone ... If there is any negative rating I would have given that .. This is abosultey a waste app.. Regreting I have wasted money on this
Very bad
There should be trial session.. money minded app... Disgusting
I took the trail period and after 7 days I cancelled it. It still deducted the full amount out of my bank account. I have email to enquire but still waiting reply...be careful!
Don't get fooled by this advertisement. The payment was done and I had subscribed for it but I couldn't open the app .I dint receive any email also for 2 days. I want my money refunded too. But there is no option to contact them.
Cancelled because the app is useless
Not worth it and no refunds
You need to have a trial period before charging.
Signed up to monthly subscription money has been taken from bank account but app will not allow me sign up completely or let me past subscription page!!!
Delete Want you to pay for a subscription but they don't even pay for an editor to make sure they know how to spell "thighs" lol what a joke.
I want this app for free plz
how
I got this app bc it was advertised as being a personalized guide to which workouts to do to meet your goals. All it is, is videos of someone doing yoga (which you can do for FREE on YouTube) while someone else talks the entire time...like counting or telling you each and every motion even when it's a repeat. If you have to pause during a workout, it goes all the way back to the beginning. No free trial should have been my first sign that this app is not what it claims. DON'T SPEND $30 ON THIS!
Scam.
Useless, a money making app
I have applied for one year subscription and when I'm trying to open the app it's asking me to continue or restore purchase...if I click on continue its saying u already subscribed..how do I open this app n use after paying amount too...it's annoying
Typical they advertise free workout you design your plan and then there's a monthly fee
This app is ridiculous it took my money it starts over and over again it doesn't work properly when you try to get a refund there's no one around to talk to say to get you to go to this email you don't get any word back from the email beware do not use this ad you can get free yoga lessons online do not purchase this app I will be talking to my bank
Worst app
The app is not working. It took my payment but now it won't process past the payment page.
Offered a seven day free trial so i signed up earlier today. This wasnt what i was looking for so i unsubscribed today and they charged my account. Theft straight out. Dont use Contacted Google play and was told refunds go through the developer.
Worst app...it charges for workout.....i don't like it.
How do u ask for money up front but I have no idea what I'm getting? Thanks for wasting my time.
Falsely charged
It didn't said that I must pay so when I downloaded it it said that I must pay
You have to pay nearly 50£ a year, ridiculous money scheme might aswell watch YouTube videos for free or buy a book on yoga..
It needs payment and no trial.
This app is misleading I did not put any payment plan for this app. But it still took out a $40 payment ..
Manipulative question list, impudent sales attempt, woman objectification infographics. Don't even want to try it after that with this rating level.
I paid for it and it doesn't work. They refused to give me a refund.
Not free. Cant use it without subscription.
Says free but its not. Waste of time
Didn't even get past creating a bio before it wants you to get a subscription. If I could give zero stars I would. Misleading. Wasted my time.
Fake application.... don't install ....
Just a trial for 7 days for Free then paid
How did this app charge me $45.99 BEFORE me free trial was up? Don't buy it my free trial ended April 22. They charged my card on April 15th
Should not be advertised as free. While the app is free you have to subscribe to a fee service to use. Very deceptive business practice.
No personal care has been given, not even asked whether i am suffering from any disease or not.just waste of money.
I want to gain weight healthily but this app doesn't give you this option. It is only targeted towards people who want to lose weight
NOT for beginners as advertised paid for month for NO reason! CAN'T use it!!
Click baiting to buy their product... Nothing free at all!
This app sucks! I subscribed for the free trial and I couldn't get into the app at all. Every time I open the app, I have to jump thru all hoops again and answer questions about my height, weight, etc. Then when I get to the last page (where you choose your subscription) it says im already subscribed.....WELL DUH. but won't let me into the app! Back to Asana Rebel I go!!
After taking lots of information and then saying a plan was being created for me, as a personal weughtloss plan it asked for payment before we showing me what was offered and then there was no plan or tracker just generic yoga bids that a free online. I should have read the reviews first, very disappointing wasted money on it DO NOT SUBSCRIBE!!!
Please indicate immediately that this is a paid app. I do not want to waste my time to download and then delete it.
I feel I got scammed. This app is not for beginners. Plus their is not 1 guy on the videos I could relate to. It was a tiny woman who could do all the exercises and she was going too fast. I subscribed for a year and I regret it. I wish it was tailored for me.
Hayi this app nooo man it doesn't load any training and wen l tried canceling it ddnt and my momeny was gone l wonder if u will still take R699 whilst am unable to use it
No free option as mentioned
Hi there now I originally cancelled my subscription before my free trial ended and I still got stung with your yearly subscription. This app didn't work well at all and the videos where constantly glitching, I have an oppo phone which is a top of the range phone but I'm more annoyed as to you guys stealing my money after I already cancelled my subscription before my free trial was up. I would like a refund please and thank you
unjust. i dwnloaded and purchased the full version of this knowing that i can access the paid version from my other fone if install it there.. but nope . glad i just purchased a month. how could u not set at account to this app
You should put that a subscription is required. Put in all my information only to be informed that it is not a free app and a subscription was required. Wouldn't let me bypass it so now im uninstalling.
Very dissappointed, before i could even try the app for free im expected to choose a plan and enter banking details.i can do without the plan.i would just like an app i can use at home to do yoga
I dont like apps that ask 4 money b4 you can see what they are about..b.s
You should advertise that its subscription before you even download it
Didn't get refund. Even after immediately cancelling the subscription.
I was charged for a free trial. So don't do the free trial as it's not free at all scammers. And when you request a refund they tell you to contact go play with an automated response if I could give them no stars I would.
stop saying it's free!
Moves too fast and doesn't show you how to properly move
It doesn't want to work... States " results not typical.Disclaimer"
It's not for free. Charge is high. You should clear it's not a free app. Installing then uninstalling... Really irritating.
everything hve to pay
I have paid for subscription. Then there is nothing, each time the app asks to pay. This app is only taking money, this ain't any yoga app. Fraud app.
Have to pay weekly or monthly. No thanks
Sucks have to subscribe before you can even try it out dont download unless you want to pay 699 a month would give ZERO STARS but can't post reviews without adding a star
Never thought that i have to pay for it I'll cancel even before i can use it.
Ir is advertised as free yet you have to pay a subscription. More false advertising, 😠😠😠😠
It froze twice before even getting to put through my details. Thanks for that😅 I'm deleting.
Even if its a "lose weight" programme, i put in an already low weight and the target i was only able to put lower than original weight. And the programme did not identify that the person will be severely underweight, instead created a personal programme to achieve that extremly low weight. Maybe its stupid to mention that but i think you should have that checked.
This app forces you to select the 7 day free trial but get you to select a subscription for after the trial is over so it forces you to have to agree to pay weekly for this app. Waste of time downloading if you cant use it without subscribing.
This app was downloaded in error by my 11 year old while playing with my phone. I have requested a refund as i have never used this app and dont require it. This refund requeat says completed. I absolutely need my refund. I am a single parent of 3, R699 is not money I have to waste.
I should hear the reviews. Don't install this ap, it's a waste time and money. VERY UNSATISFIED!
I barely used this app... I signed up for the free trail and deleted the app and canceled the subscription only to still have my money deducted.... Shity app don't download it
Says its free but it will make you opt you to subscribe. 🤦‍♀️
You have to pay to use it
You need to pay
You need to subscribe and pay before using
I downloaded the app to try it out on the 7 day free trial but i wasnt using it so much so i canceled it on the last day of the free trial. Anyway the money got out of my bank account and it's been really hard to get the refund.
No personalized plan The facebook advert implied a personalised daily plan, as did the questions (height, weight, age etc.) before signing up. However, the app is actually just a generic set of yoga sessions. Disappointed...
Horrible Not for beginners.
So useless & expensive
Wish there was a 1 day free trial to see how/ what the "product" is like .. i mean ur basically making us pay without any additional info . I learned more by reading reviews.
Take the point from other reviews please. Indicate from the beginning that it is a payment App before being asked questions relating to weight loss goals. Also make the writing on payment Ts and Cs as big as the other letters in your App.
App is free but you have to pay to use it. Don't bother.
So, without the opportunity to try the app?(1-2 weeks)? 😕🤔Pay immediately? Hmmm. 🙄Thanks, no.
The app did not specify any fee upon download ... it's a trap. After answering fitness questions it brings you right in to a subscription page with no option to cancel it. IT WILL AUTOMATICALLY CHARGE YOU! It is DECEIVING!
It's terrible. There's no controls of the videos except to pause them. If I accidentally press the back button, I can't get back to where I was. I've done the exercises and no cool down, but there is no option JUST for a cool down, which is one of the most important parts of the exercise. Would not recommend to anyone because of this fact. I am not sitting through the other videos again just to get to the cool down.
It is a pretty expensive subscription for an app that I have no experience or faith in. I would not spend $9 a month for somthing that I don't even know if it is a good app. They should be upfront about their price, and just have you buy the app before downloading it.
Would be nice to get maybe a day or to free or a sample. How can you expect people to pay for a subscription without knowing what they are getting into. Can't commit before I try it. Need an alternative to going to the gym now. The subscription price is actually pretty reasonable, however doesn't allow me to see what the app can do. For all I know its a cartoon giving classes. Not cool.
This is what you get when you invest in marketing and design and fire your development team I suppose. Useless app. Should be banished from Google Play Store. I paid the amount only to realise there is no customisation. It is just a bunch of youtube videos.
I'm so mad and frustrated was only looking for a free trail just to see first if it worth me purchasing and was charged R699. 00 without even knowing. I don't like this app due to this distrust I feel so robbed
Buyer Beware! What is shown on images here and on Facebook does not match what you get at all. When you complain they even admitted it but still will not refund money. Current App only designed for women despite the men's workouts shown as per 'Mary' in their customer service team.
Worst app
pricey app. looks good but you can't use it unless you spend £2 a week.... never mind... i uninstalled
It is not free, so disappointing
I'm not happy because I agreed to pay monthly for this app but you have charged for the whole year straight away!! I want my money back!! I want refund!!
Didn't realize you had to pay to use it.
Butut
Not for beginners. Nothing is personalized
You should give at least one month free
Why is this listed under free when it cost to use?
This is frud app.plz dont download this. When i saw ad of this app, it was showing free trail and when i just click download option , instantly 3000 debited from my action, without any permission , without any OTP option Plz dont download this
Hate this app already because you have to pay .......but you can dowload for free but not free to use cheap sauce and lame ....
please do not mislead anyone.. what Google mean by did not meet our policies is after 48hour the refund should be collected from the developer.. you are a con person.. i will make sure i will viral this.. i have snap shot the email regarding the policies in what they meant.. i have contacted you immediately after the deduction has done.. i will speak to google and get my refund.. i will make sure that
I filled the questionnaire and I get pay walled if I have to pay for your product i want to know what I am getting, what kind of excercises and what is the overall plan.
Fake app.. this app automatically saving my bank details when i m not save it .qw
This app is too much of cost and i think its not worth paying for
When I unsubcribed because I didn't get to the app. And canceled my subscription it didn't want to refund my money back.. And it doesn't want to give me that option to querie about it..
I installed this app. What I don't liked it because there is no trial version to even see what is it like. Only annual payment available. It can be amazing but because there is trial I can't say anything about it. Thank you
This is a subscription app. This was not clear before downloading.
This app is not what is promised in the ads. Do not waste your time or money on this app. Shameful they don't offer a free trial period...but now I know why they don't.
One of my worst experiences with an online app, they charged me a whole years subscription and the programmes are still locked, back and forth on emails and they have not been able to fix it and dont even refund my money.Dont even try the app for free
I downloaded the app and was making the payment. The money kept getting deducted but the app kept showing that payment was unsuccessful. How do I go about this
In app purchases means, in the app... not the app itself... not wasting money if I can't look at it first. You definitely need a "try before you buy" option, maybe a free trial then subscribe. But not worth buying if it's a "guess what's inside, it may not work for you"
I want to close my work out
After doing the survey so that they can create a personal plan for me, I made the payment to receive this plan on the app, but there was no personal plan created for me! Just a collection of standard workouts for all. It was misleading and not what I had paid for.
I don't like this app, because it's not free. We must to pay it before we use it or do the training.
I chose to Uninstall the app because after a series of questions it wanted me to pay for a subscription to gain any access. I'm just going to find another app that is free. The point is to get your body moving. Any exercise is better than NO exercise. I don't need to pay money for that.
ZZZZZzz.CAZzz😗😃
You have to pay .........
Do not download unless you really wish to use this app. I downloaded realised that it wasn't for me and the payment for the EXPENSIVE, subscription was STILL taken from my bank account now I am fighting to get my refund even after cancelling the payment 2 minutes after purchase. Fuming.
There should be option for help to gain weight. In not keeping this app. Has no use for me in that way.
Hi, I've subscribed but the App wont let me get any further than the subscribe page. it then says I've subscribed but does nothing else. I'm not sure what to do now. please help thanks
You have to pay even to enter the app . Worst workout app ever
Waste of time
Hi I would like to request a refund for accidentally purchased your application I didn't know that your application is automatically charged to my credit card account . Hope to hear from you as soon as possible. Thank you
I downloaded the app.. One week free it said, and low and behold i am debited with a R700.00 which i never authorized. This is fraud, to deduct money from a clients account without their permission whether signed, verbal or otherwise. Where is your TCF in this. Yes it is stated in your payment terms, but you still need permission to touch someones account. I will be reporting you to the regulator.
At start only they want to pay money without seeing the app...not good... frustrating
Gotta be a scam no way i am paying for somthing that dose not show real tutorials
Doesn't even open! Clicked on get started but it never started, sad app, good Ads.
How do I get a refund!!! I selected beginner & put in my age - 49 - but it is anything but for beginners!!! The audios play way way too fast & it appears to have technical problems. Very very disappointed. I paid for the year & would like a refund since it does not truly personalize a program based on entered data
Plz refund my money I had canceled it immediately they said it will be refund after a week I had subscribed on 12 sep 2019 still it is not refunded. In your other reviews I had read u guys are doing this with lots of people stop fooling people it's a sin.
Can not do anything with the app unless you pay... It on sale though for $45.99/ yr 😂
I'm not working
Good
sucks i couldnt pay for it lol bc im broke damn
Waste
The trial ain't even free. Then if you forget to cancel your billed for the year loooool Not worth it when there are hundreds of FREE workout at home apps.
Billed me before my trial was up. I did not enter my information but yet I was billed for a membership when I did not want to subscribe just yet. This is theft! I did not sign up for your subscription! Reporting to Google. I've tried contacting Yoga go and they're giving me the run around. Now they are saying that it's Google that will issue the refund. Y'all shouldn't have billed me to begin with.
It is a paying app. Not noted in descr
I thought is was freeas soon as I downloaded it took me to plan details and ask to pay directly..useless
I had to get a new phone and now can not get the app to except my subscription I paid for a year and got to use it 1 month in the last 3 months. I waited 2 weeks before getting a response from customers service and all I got is we are working on it.... very disappointed!
I just donwload this app then i register my visa thouht that has a free trial.. But I really didnt use the app.. Plss bring back what you deduct plss.. I really need that money
I thought this was free. A shame...i was looking forward to it.
Cant use this app until you pay
Hey yoga app i hve a prob i didnt use ur app n still pkr 3450 are deducted from my fone... even i hve deleted the app from my fone many days b4... can u plz help me out... coz i dun.want to use it
Demand money After fill a thousand question
Why should I pay first without seeing what am paying for, they demand I must pay first , if not the app will not display
Its not free
Nothing is free everything is payable.. worst app
Bait and switch
The app doesn't work atall. It's like deception, they want to download it and logs you in but doesn't work.
It's a free app that makes you pay a lot (at least, for a student with no job) to use it. You take a quiz and then it pushes the subscription saying "get unlimited access to your plan." Normally in fitness apps, this means that there is a free option in which you cannot access certain workouts or features. Not with this. It means all you can do for free is TAKE THE FREAKIN QUIZ. Nothing else. Why not just make people pay to download the app in the first place?
I chose to do the monthly payment for this app and you have taken it out for the whole year I'm not happy at one bit. I like the app but I am not wanting that amount to come out all in one go.
They're asking for money. You can only cancel your subscription in the first 7 days, otherwise you will be charged £43 for the full year.
The advert says it's free, when you finish all set up it asks for payment. No fake advertisements please.
Can't login... Not recognising my details and can't reset password! App keeps freezing, no videos play.
Worst app . I hardly gone through this app. And suddenly Money deducted from my account without my concern . I wan't my money back unless I m a lawyer i'll sue harry and your team .. stop making people fool by your policy . Refund everybodys money asap. Your app is such useless thing.
Did not really help in any way. I did not like the app because for the monthly price of the app I could just go to the gym. No live trainers or anything.
Why would you pay for something you haven't experienced 😡
It's charging money ... If it was money to b spent we could hv gone to gym
Bait and switch. Unethical to present as free when it is not. Won't do business with a company that behaves in this manner.
Its a fruad app . Payment deducted from my account without my concern . They deduct without my concern one year subscription pack 4750rs. Its a big blunder . I want want their subscription refund my money back. I just check this app n they deduct my money without any notification and otp thats not right things. What can i do now i dont want any more subriction n i dont want to use their app its app making fool innocent people with their attractive advertisement . SO PLZ DONT DOWNLOAD THIS APP FRA
Too fast. Not suitable for beginners or recovery from surgery.
You cant do anything without subscribing so really this is zero stars. It would be good if you could do a demo version to test it out before subscribing. Waste of time
Useless
After reading all the reviews which stated this app is misleading, I am Uninstaller before I get charged. Thanks everyone!!
Didn't try the app. Don't list the app as "free" when it's not. Free to download, but not use. I could understand if there was a 7 day free trial and then have a subscription price. But, you have people to input all of their info and then pay. I'm sure it may very well be a good app, looks like it is, however false advertising on being "free" is ridiculous.
You need to purchase the app before using it
Please don't download this app.....if u want to waste money then download this app.... This app is very useless......😤....this app stole my money..... 7500
Horrible how do I cancel subscription
Love it
All looked promising, filled out a questionnaire, then had the choice of paying £21 or quitting. Not even the option of a free trial. I would happily pay for a good app, but without the option of a trial how can you tell if it is any good or not?!
Don't waste your money
Found this app very unfair. Set up with weight and goals then without even a free trial you ask me to pay. Firstly I'm not just going to hand out monthly payments for something I can't see. At least let us have a free trial so we can see how the app is used and if we like it.
How bout next time don't make the app free for download if it's not actually free. Please stop this. Really annoying.
I should have read the reviews BEFORE I paid. Do not get sucked in. It just takes your money and nothing ever opens. Paid and could not get into program. It kept trying to get me to upgrade and I never got to try it out. Cancelled and paid $9.99 for something I never used. I tried restore payment and still nothing. Will be disputing with my bank. Great way for this company to get rich since they take your money knowing the app doesn't work. Google should remove this from the Play Store!!
I login to this app, i took trial version but now not able to login . I even want to cancel my subscription.they are not even helping out.
App was advertised as "free" - it's NOT
Um how the hell do I unsubscribe from this?????? Help!
Ask for payment even before checking the app properly. No free trial at all. Uninstalled.
After I filled the questions, app won't open.
Free App, but you have to pay for the Yoga. Let people know before they download the app on their phone what the fees are upfront, please. I'll uninstall now 😒
Just subcribe to this app but ut doesn't working. Just paying for nothing. And google play cannot proceas a refund.
You keep taking my money yet I don't have access so I can't use the app so I uninstalled it you still keep taking my money
When they say in app purchases they should say subscription required to use this app.
It was an awful experience. The app is stuck at subscription page and even after making the payment I am not able to move forward to next page. my entire money goes to waste.
THIS APP IS A SCAM PLEASE DO NOT DOWNLOAD OR PAY FOR ANYTHING THEY WILL TAKE YOUR MONEY AND THE APP WILL NOT WORK
I signed on for the free trial but the app is trying to charge me. When i try to unsubscribe it wont allow it.
The app itself is fine but they take your subscription fee before your free trial is up! Which is very sneaky!
Am asked to pay first. Never!
👊👊
Please reverse this transaction.The money has been taken from my account without any authorization and I never used this apo and your plan never came through to my phone.Thanks, will await your response.
Don't buy waste of money, look up free apps available they are just as good , scammers!
Why do I always gotta pay imma stay fat and it's your fault
Mis-sold app. NOT as advertised. There is no work out plan. After entering all my data and subscribing. All I see is some yoga workouts. There is no workout plan that match the pictures. I want a refund!
Extremely poor and a bad services They debited my account 46 times in 1 day. I will not recommend this app as it is extremely misleading and will rate it a zero!!!!!
If you already know yoga could be a nice relax..but not recommended for weight loss. In order to begin to loss weight one must speed up heart rate to burn calories. This just made me want to sleep. So need a free trail offer!!!! Its not right that you have to pay before you even try..I clarify what they are doing as theft! Waste of money.
I thought it was written free, why are you charging??? Or what's the meaning of the app being free 😖😖??? Just wasted my bundles 😠😠
Really worse app no one should subscribe it better seatch on youtube
The poses on the videos are one way too fast and you have no way of rewinding them. You can pause or restart from the beginning but not rewind. Totally ridiculous. Total waste of money!
Its a paid app.
Payment needed to use app
I have been trying to request a refund - all I get told is this is a google purchase I need to request it there - still not helping! can someone help me please?
Misleading! Not for beginners. I would recommend paying as little as possible until you decide if app is suitable for you as there are no refunds- just use of the app until subscription expires.
Its a pay apps
There are apps that provide the same things for free.
This app is not working. After giving hight weight and expected weight its stucked.
Make us fool, everything is chargeable
More expensive and useless
Not for new people starting. I'm the first to admit I am out of shape badly and overweight, this is not the app for people like me. I need something that eases me into it, not rush through expecting you know the poses. I'm really disappointed I paid money for this.
Terrible. Finished filling out survey just to find out I have to pay for it after 7 days
Free to download but it's $10 a month or $33 a year to access the app. It's not really about the price, it's the principal. Do not advertise ad free when you are not. Especially when the yoga app right underneath you is "free" but with ads and partially locked but can unlock for $5. You might have a better app than them but I'll never know.
I don't want to subscribe and pay an app the advertised it was free
Do not even bother. I installed this app with a lot of hope but got discouraged quickly; it requested a full payment (even though it wasn't advertised as such) even before use. Then I came here to see the rest of the reviews and it was all clear. It could be just my opinion but, when you don't allow users to even test the app, you send a message that you do not care about experience in the slightest. Sorry for being a bit rough; that would've been otherwise if I managed to do a yoga session.
I purchased their year subscription. Day 1 I'm already hugely disappointed. Their is no work out plan. No do this on day 1. Do this on day 2 etc. Its just a list of many exercises. It goes insanely fast. I'm a beginer. But I was barely in one pose before we were already doing the next. You have to pause for each move which absoluetly sucks. I do feel like Ive had a workout after Day 1. But again, who knows if I've even done Day 1 as their is no guidance on how many vids to do in a day.
I am very much disappointed in this App, just because Google Account has my banking details does not give you right to debit. I am so stressed because of this, can I please request a refund, I was not going to subscribe with so much money, I am not even working, and this is the social grant money for my kids, please please tjo tjoe
Not used
Didn't even try it. Profile not even completed and they are asking for payment. Why is this listing as "Free". DON'T WASTE YOUR TIME. What's so excited about a new yoga app, such a disappointment- this doesn't even deserve one star
I'm not using this app at all and I would like to stop the payment, How do I do that?
Is there a trail period that I can subscribe to see if I like the app before committing to a monthly subscription.
Not worth the ridiculous price
I want to cancel,please help
If there is pricing you should tell thr same in advertisement also. Uninstalling.
"In app purchases" does not mean the program must be paid for to work. Not a free app whatsoever.
Why didn't you make it clear from the beginning it isn't a free app?!😡
It wouldn't open up and continually returned to the subscription page.
Ask for a payment directly after taking your personal details. No idea if this app is any good so certainly won't be paying anything before I get a chance to see inside. Will unstall straight away
Only let you loose weight. Not gain musle
Too expensive
This is rubbish. You have to PAY for some app to tell you what to eat and do. 👎
I dont know why but when I try to go through all the steps and the payment option comes, it shows me 2 different rates for a week.
un-installed and cancelled before free trail was up yet monies have been taken from my card. can you please refund.
It's not free😑
Worst no single day trail How somebody pay without looking into content Worst app on google Play
I did not install this app. Yet it has just charged me £43.49 and I want a refund please!!! This is unacceptable. I have been asking for my money back for nearly 1 week .Since I have got my bank statement I have been really worried! I give this app 0 stars but it says 1 star because I have to or else it would not let me say this! I will report If I do not get a refund!!! I WANT MY MONEY BACK!!! PLEASE!!
Like others say: If you list it as *free then it should at minimum have a dumbed down *free component.... Not just free to download only. Who does that.. no need to comment excuses everyone knows how it works. I'm gone
Sick to death of these apps that DONT tell you that you have to pay for them until AFTER you've created your own personal profile. Uninstalling.
I uninstalled the app in a minute cz it wants u to subscribe even for the free trial. Sorry cant buy smthn before seeing how it works .
I can't understand why you would say FREE APP. THEN WE HAVE TO PAY FOR IT . THAT FALSE ADVERTISING. I RATE YALL A ZERO 0000
Downloaded n nothing. Asked a few questions n you cant get to anything on the app. Bogus. Do not install!!!
I cancelled it right away and have yet to see my refund.....dont get this or any app on google pay u less you want to give money away for nothing.
Can't get say it for free
Not a free app! Free to download, put all your info in and then pay for a subscription to get your program. Plenty of great FREE yoga apps out there. Should tell you up front "Subscription required" Uninstalled
There's something wrong with the height. I can assure you that I am not 65' tall
I made the payment and now I can't access the app. The money came off my account but I still can't access the app. Please refund me or fix the problem. I have paid for a full month. So please sort this out today.
Aplikasi paling parah.. Masa disuruh bayar..
HEADS UP YOU CANT DO ANYTHING WITHOUT BUYING/SUBSCRIBING. It's another of those apps that looks great and helpful but doesn't have anything before the paywall. There's no real indication of that unless you've already installed it and given it your info. So if you're like me and looking for a simple free fitness help app, this is not your app.
This is frustrating. I know it has a free trial..but you have to pay first to acces the free trial. Disappoint
I dont recommend
I accidently subscribe this app on 18 nov 2019 and unsubscribe immediately at the same time but the google play email me that i will be cancelled this app on next year 18 nov 2020. No refunds will be issued. That means i still need to pay rm200 sumtink eventhough i already unsubscribe? Can i still get a refund? Im very dissapointed.
As I finished entering all my information when to give me my plan it say something went wrong and it stuck on the page 😥
Worst app I have ever seen, I paid for the application in my lifetime and it's not working. Such a waste app, a
There is no free trail option. Why shall I pay without knowing pros and cons?
The "free" bit is highly misleading. All you get for free is fill in a questionnaire that creates your plan. I don't want a plan, I want to start yoga. Never done it before so was curious and hoped it may bring peace of mind and help shed some weight, well I haven't learned or tried a single pose as have to buy the plan first... It is not nice to cheat like that, if I wanted free quiz it's plenty online.
Such a waste. Doesnt let you go to the plan without putting your credit card details in.
This company had taken a payment from my account without my consent.I got the trail version, but without my consent, U have subscribed and taken money from my account. Didn't reverse this avoiding continoeus requests. Disgusting
You guys are very tricky , you give an impression that it's free and then up comes payment options .
Don't get it because you have to pay for a plan
The app download copy alludes to a trial period when you pay the yearly subscription, but now that I've cancelled on the same day I purchased, as the workouts just aren't very good at all and terrible compared to other apps, it has given no such option. This is misleading and totally out of character for app behaviour.
Not good !!
Hey... plz help I need to stop this app from taking money from my account because I'm no more using it.... can someone plz help me
At first I was so excited to use this app bcause it's kinda motivate me to be fit but then I just notice that this apps are not a free apps and we need to pay for it although for trial 😫
Need to pay first.
My child decided to install this on my phone but I have uninstalled. I keep receiving notifications about payments still going out. How do I cancel or stop everything with Yoga Go altogether.
This is not free...
Not free at all! False advertising.
Not free
No option for a trial, the app expects you to pay a subscription right away before even giving you a chance to see if it's right for you. Uninstalled straight away
Thanks for reviews.. I downloaded app then after reading reviews uninstalled..
Doesn't allow you to use without a membership, and by the number of people saying that they got charged, when they tried to cancel their free trial, I'm not gonna bother!
They took money from account before the free trial expired.
You have to pay to view app and there's nothing free to help you lose weight! I uninstalled because there are others on Google play you can download for free that do the same thing. This one got me ready and hopeful but l can't pay for an app that others do the same that are free!
Scammed definately, mentioned it is free trial for 7 days but deduct money from my bank account . This is totally unfair
When it's an online app you should give trial period of atleast few days Or a week and then ask for money. Without checking out the benefits no one will pay for it. You are not doing right business dude.. Gear up
Have to pay, can't even use it
It app for girl
They charged me and I'm not even subscribed. Wow 21 dollars for useless app. I contacted them hoping that they return the amount they charged me. I can't believe that.. The app is not on my active subscription list and I haven't used for months after I cancelled. Wow.
I didn't know you have to pay because the ad said it was free
The advertisement was untrue. Free yoga app but u have to.pay for the plan.
Would be nice to try before you charge people money. Charge request within 7 steps after install. 8th step... Uninstall
I was pretty exciting about this app and immediate unistall as soon I learn this app force me to pay for their app when I tried to skip or back page. Found other yoga after this. Very disappointed!
Such a rip off !!!!
This app is a fraud and it will charge u 40$ with out even asking for any payment ir even permition to pay
One star is being nice.
I didn't see any free trial menu so I will uninstal it. I can't even know if it suits me 😔
The workout videos are all fixed. You cant skip ahead or go back . It is extremely inconvenient.
Don't west ur time it is asking Mony...
No warm up. No focus on breath. No advice on posture so that someone will end up injured. Too fast - you don't settle into a posture before you move on to the next.
I paid for this app and still only have the free trial. I never got access to the paid version.
No free plan, i just want to know how is the app before paying. Don t like it. Uninstall sorry
This app have very bugs please fixed
I purchased yearly subscription plan last week. Now i have to change my phone and i reinstalled it on my new phone. My old subscription is not updated. They are asking me to get it again. What is this??? I WANT MY REFUND!!!! YOU GUYS DON'T EVEN RESPOND TO EMAILS!!! PLEASE DONT BUY THIS APP THIS IS FAKE
it cannot play
The voice is quite annoying. The poses aren't explained enough and they go way to fast for an actual beginner in my book. It was a waste of my money.
Really really really not worth the money. You can't preview what the "personalised" plan looks like before you buy and it's just a few groups of exercises you can get for free on YouTube etc. Doesn't look like it did on the advert. False advertising. I want my money back.
Free to download; doesn't do anything without a payment othet than ask you if you want to feel better and loose weight.
Saw this app as an ad on Instagram, and now I feel phished. Putting this totally behind a pay wall so that consumers cant even try it is insane. Not going to give out my credit card for automatic renewals on something I can't even see. Lol terrible bussiness practices.
Payment?
Worst thing which I face I want to gain weight screen show's weight loss lol... M
Once you download, it asks for a payment. Can't try it before you buy it.
I paid for the subscription and I was unsatisfied with it. There was no meal plan and no real teacher, I was very disappointed that I paid my money for that. In the end, I just had to unsubscribe.
I have joined an not sure what happens next as I can not get on app. It just keeps taking me through all the questions again.
Too fast. Not for beginners. Thought I had a free week to decide. Not true. I'm billed for the whole year! DON'T HIT INSTALL!
I have paid for the subscription unfortunately i can't find the option for my profile and don't know where to find it. It still redirect to payment page but when i click the option it says error you have have already subscribed. Help me out. Very disappointed.
Not free
The classes are impossible to follow. The instructions are in a jarring robotic voice and delivered way too fast. There is no background music. Aweful experience.
If u guys want to take fee then pls mention in start..after full survey dont ask for fee..
PLEASE UNSUBSCRIBE ME, BECAUSE I NEVER WANTED TO A PAID SUBSCRIPTION IT WAS WRITTEN FREE SUBSCRIPTION ON THE AD BUT NOW I AM TOLD THAT AFTER 7DAYS I WILL HAVE TO PAY, THAT'S NIT PART OF THE DEAL, THE AD SAID FREE😒😕😔
Trivial workouts. Uselesd
I paid for a 1 year subscription to this app in march/April time....I have not been able to use it since signing up. Their customer support are useless and just keep saying they will get in touch but have never done so, have not offered me extra time adding on to my account when problem is fixed or even a refund because and I quote "they wont deal with that". I now use 2 free yoga apps. But would like my £44 back!
No free trials
Refund my money please
Can't even open it
Even before understanding what it is, asking for money. Lots of such apps available and not trustworthy.
Extremelt disapointed. There is no way a begginer can di the moves on that speed. Videos are too fast paced
Boring especially when you want to unsubscribe mxm
Subscribed and paid and the app crashed. When I go back into it it starts from the beginning. Can you confirm you got my payment and fix it?
Fraudulent charge made to my credit card. Im still awaiting my refund and fair closure. Think about what you're doing really!!!
Download is free, as soon as you fill out a few questions they want you to pay for your "customized plan". They only asked my target areas, current and targeted weight, how custom can this "plan" be?
It says for beginners, but it is NOT! Starts right out calling positions that you have no idea what they are and expect you to bend like a pro!! When something says for Beginners it should have a section showing you the positions and put the names under it and give you small exercises to give your body time to be able to bend like that. You should definitely update you app to accommodate us seniors or say "It is NOT for the stiff" !!!
It's tricky,, you will add all your information and then instead of seeing the pictures/exercises they will ask you to pay,,, nothing free
Boring
I just paid for the app and program and I can't access anything! It is blocked at the page to pay the plan. Refund please!
I just purchased the year, and the app keep asking the same questions over and over, without letting me even see the possible exercises. I emailed the Contact Support email; so, now waiting on their response.
I downloaded app, saw that you get tied in to a subscription and have been struggling to unsubscribe!
No it not work
Its useful when its free for all but there is many other same yoga apps which i installed and i am satisfied rather then giving u cash
This is sexist. Only states for women only. Fu
NOT use able without paying. That is not the same as 'in app purchases'
Not free as advertised
from the start your only option is which billed package you want to take so nothing about it is free
Not free access
This is a scam. They just charge you on your account after a free trial period!
Wrost
Did i miss where it said subscription required to be useable?
Should say you have to pay for it was a waste of my time because I cant afford to pay for a workout very disappointed with it
This app is getting billed
You have to pay. You can't do anything without paying. Before wasting your data on download this app, please ready with money.
No easy way to unsubscribe. Many people caught by free trial. Don't install!!!!!!!
No free sessions at all. Quiz and pay. Wasted data.
Should mention that this not a free based software. Atleast there should be some basic free workouts to start with.
Not at all free
It doesn't work
Hi. I've subscribed for the app but it doesn't allow me to go beyond the payment screen. Restore purchase option is not working either. Please fix.
Very complicated and non transparent subscription management...
I was installed and purchased but nothing working. Can't even logins. I want y money refund back now.
After asking a bunch of questions about my weight goal weight and current ability I was expecting somthing a little more personalized for 25.00. Instead i received a bunch of videos that are physically impossible for me to begin to follow. Very disappointing.
Promotes unhealthy goals for weightloss. Very dangerous tool for young girls, young women & anyone with body image issues. Please take note, see a health professional to understand healthy weight ranges & the reality malnutrition/overexertion is more like to kill you but we dont hear of that because its prettier than obsiety that leads to disease. Please look after your bodies girls & take healthy realistic measures when setting goals. Set them goals n smash them just dont do more damage
If it was possible to give you zero star, i would have. This app doesn't open, it just wasted my data to downloading this nonsense. Also took money from my account to pay for it but it doesn't continue to the next step and show exercises whatsoever. Its just a waste. DON'T DOWNLOAD IT!!!
Wish i could get a refund Voice over and no background music makes it boring. Wish i could forward some videos but cant. Will not renew.
I ould like a refund downloaded the app and uninstall it immediately because I wasn't applause by the settings or the service but was charge been trying to reach out to someone but got no reply I would like a full refund please and thanks
The app is free and after it wants u to pay so to can use it don't download it it sucks
Advertised as: "Yoga-Go combines customized fitness and weight loss plans, along with a healthy meal tracker, giving users an all-inclusive, anytime/anywhere solution to build a toned and sexy body, maintain balanced emotions, and harmonize their life". FALSE ADVERTISEMENT! - No Customized fitness, No weight loss plan, no meal tracker - only Yoga videos - SCAM
It didn't give u any free trail it charges ..u even nt know about there policy they are frad
You have to pay
Cheeky cheeky cheeky. I wonder what exaclty do you gain by this method ...
not a single exercise for free... not even trial ..
no free trial period :(
Big time mess, do not download. Nothing flashes and payment is deducted.
Not worked
Do not download!!! The app is not as described whatsoever.. There is no personalized plan or instruction at all.
If i could give u 0 stars,i would!
please share the contact details. I liked the app so thought i can pay Rs 820 for one month subsciption. The money has cut from my google but i cant find my plan. And i wanted to restore subsciption but that failed. I cant move forward from that payment page even after paying. And where is custiner care no? I cant even complain. Dont cheat people like this.
Even for underweight , it's throwing plans for weight loss and wouldn't allow me to move forward without buying a wt loss plan! Absolutely rubbish app
There is no free version
Please refund back my money.i just accidentaly refresh the message of renew the subsricption then my money gone just like that.huhhh..i didn't use this apps at all then why should i pay for it hhhggggg.
Didn't realize it had a subscription that is $45.99, which is outrageous,. Never once put in my card info it just automatically uses your Google pay. Good thing my bank saw it as a fraudulent purchase and stopped it before it ever came out. Quickly uninstalled app, better watching yoga on YouTube. And I only installed it to check it out. So this is nothing but a scam. All the good reviews are fake
Overpriced scam.
Why is this app on my phone , I checked it out and stopped when I saw credit card information. I dont want this app . Cancel it .
Having to buy the plan should be stated right away
Deceiving app
Instead of charging me the $1.40 a week they charged me $72.99 that is not cool & very sneaky. B.S it is
Do we have to pay lots of money while im the one exercising? Ill pass
I'm sure this app is great but it's not free like ot claims. Theres a week or monthly fee depending on the plan
Not working this app
Most useless app ever found..you will be charged without confirmation and you won't be receiving proper response from them..I don't wanted to use this service at all..I was accidentally signed up by my cousin she didn't know how it all went and now I have been stuck in the game between Google Play and this damn app wen asked abt the refund...don't ever go for this app..waste of time and money
Free commercial but costs actually. Pitty
Such a useless app. I still have this app because I got charged by mistake so I am pushing myself to use it properly. But still i found nothing more than the other free videos and apps.
The app is a scam. No personal plan
So stupid
I don't want to pay
Bogus
I have paid over £30 for this app for the year and it has just recently not been working, there is just a black screen when you start to do a workout and it keeps making my phone crash. As this is not working efficiently I would like to be refunded the fee that I paid to start with, yours Caroline Simpson.
Can't try. Instantly asks for money
It says it's free, but you can't even try it before paying. I would have been eager to pay after I tried it. And after reading the reviews with payment issues, and the same message repeated in response... well uninstall....
this app is a scam you deducted me even though i already cancel my subscription to your app?gosh! i downloaded this app this day and see if this will help me but when i looked i realized that it will not help me so cancelled very quickly but then a few minutes ago the confirmation to my number appeared that your app already deducted me???what a shame of this app!!!
It's the worst app. There's no personalized workouts, there's no way to speed it up or rewind if you miss something. If you accidentally touch the wrong button on your phone, you can't continue where you left off. You have to start over again. Waste of money...
Im uninstalling since this app doesn't seem to be made for underweight ppl who still wants to get toned.
Very disgruntled and disappointed I signed up to this app one morning because I thought it was a good price to improve my training. By evening I was presented with a different option and changed my mind and cancelled. I was told by Google play to go to the developers for my refund the developers told me Google play should issue my refund. In the meantime they are both getting paid and the little person is once again out of pocket! I cancelled same day and can't get my money back? DISGUSTING!
Terrible app no explanation about the yoga and why you do specific moves. was not started at begginer lever at all. you asked the questions my friend completed at expert level both of got exactly the same. i wouldnt call that a program at all. much better apps out there.
Filled in all the details then the only option was a PAID subscription, no access to anything free!
I can't access previous day video. What if I can't do today excersice and just want to do yesterday one. Also I wanted to subscribe only for weekly basis . So i can cancel during my unhealthy days. But it only allow to subscribe for year . Not even monthly basis. I dont have full year subscription.
Didnt even got to start the programme as it asking to pay. Download is free,but to get anywhere you PAY .
It's paid must inform earlier
Expensive con!! Free App, but have to pay monthly subscription before you even get started. May as well go to gym classes. Nothing is totally free anymore. My advise, don't bother!!
Never knew about this app until they took a payment from my account well anoyed.
Immediately have to pay. Cash trap. Don't have access to anything without paying monthly.
So bad
Terrible, it says 7 days free trial but I got charged 72$ in the first day, and I can't skip Video, I can't control I t. It's just terrible experience.
Something is really wrong Annual payment was taken, but the app just doesn't work, starting from the beginning over and over again. Please check, it's frustrating!
Same experience like previous reviewers. Started free subscription but already they deducted full year subscription fee. Due to this dishonesty and non-transparency pls cancel my subscription and refund the money deducted for this year.
Misleading
Horrible app. Narration is too fast to catch for beginner. Once if it stop in between it starts again from beginning. U cant reach to the place where u were.
No free trial. While I understand you may not be able to provide a free service, many other apps give a 7-day free trial. You could at least do that much. Don't give me your canned reply back, I've already seen it on every other review.
Such a bad app asking for subscription very bad
Its expensive
This is for females only. Gives you literally nothing without paying, after entering your height weight age & problem zones.
This is the most misleading app. I tried and deleted it immediately but they are not cancelling & refunding my annual subscription. Generally, there is a monthly subscription or a free trial period. Most disappointed with this developer's policy.
Terrible. I thought I had a free trial. I had to pay 12.99 for 5 mins. Just to find out it is way to advanced for me and I cant use it. I dont see a way to get my money back either. This is awful.
Did bill me before trail ended,never got a refund, also they prompt you to enter payment details before using the trail period,and say they won't bill you but they do before it ends,for a whole year's fee,very deceptive
I have downloaded the app and surpise! It is free! But after you install it and set your goals you find out that you nothing is free and yoy have to pay for everything. You should write that that to download the app is 20$ for example. In this way, people like me will not loose their time.
Its not free
You pay for a free trial
Sucks. Opt for the free trial but it still deducted my money for monthly payment and it doesn't open at all. Can't even see the exercises 😠😡😡😡
Don't download this game. (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!¡!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)
Not what it advertised originally. Thought would be great exercise and intense training on abs etc. Now stuck with a product for a year that I won't use
i don't like this app
App is making payment
U need to buy plans to start with workout. Not as advertised. Disappointed.
I am trying to unsubscribe pls unable to do that in Google play store as I never completed the subscription process for this app.. Please help me in unsubscribe the process...
Bad app
Please cancel my subscription. This isn't suitable for beginners at all
This is not a beginner. Yoga group
I had limited/No opportunity to explore the app, because there is a forced subscription required. There should atleast be a non subscription option. If you are really Passionate about Yoga and Fitness then there should be a free option to build clientele.
I don't how to open its sat I must choose payments
falls advertising.
this app is not worth it for the subscription price. not recomemded.
This app sucksss! You have to pay to be able to do anything on the app? You get the app and install it then you set up your height weight and weaknesses in your body that you wanna burn then it tells you the plan you can have to loose it buttt! You have to start a trial or pay monthly after all that info its terrible! Would not recommend.
It is showing payment for opening the app with out any trial how can i purchase it.really bad
No trials. Must pay to use.
I'd like a refund
You have to pay to use. How stupid when you can get a simiar app for free
If you want to listen to a computer describe yoga work outs at speed, but this app. There is no training program, you get a set of videos and nothing else.
Careful a Fee is involved. Not an app for use without paying money.
£40 odd a month like hell. Can make you your own and have the same outcome for free if you do it every day. RIP OFFs
It would be great if this app allows some trail classes like Cult Free. Such a low google rating tells all about this - no one gonna pay a single penny without knowing what's inside this app.I think you guys need better marketing idea.This not gonna benefit in long term Let me know when you introduce some trail classes till then I'm sure I'm not gonna use this.And I have seen others comment too and your reply on that comments you guys not good in response too , so again eg. of bad marketing.
I got cheated with this app. They mentioned to subscribe for free trail. i downloaded this app, updated my information and automatically money got deducted from my account without even giving my account details. I wonder how. However i sent a mail to cancel my subscription and to refund the amount but there is no response with regard to this. I suggest you guys not to download or subscribe to this app even if they mention to download and use app for free.
Not at all free. Kindly look for better less mean strategies to make money
Asked for a subscription right away. I'm not spending $30+ on an app without even being able to check it out first.
Just to give you some advise, perhaps if you put on a trial more ppl would be interested. I for one am not going to pay before I know what I get. Would have purchased as it looks good, but no way without a trial. Invest before making money it's called I believe. Please let me know when there is a trial available and I will review again. Putting it in the terms and conditions that there MAY be a trial won't cut it. Just saying 🤷.
This was an expensive disappointment!!! This is NOT suitable for beginners, even though it says it is. There was also no option to try it out for a day to see if the app is suitable. Had to pay immediately...for 3MONTHS!!! NO week or day option. So, I have just paid a three month subscription for an app that I can not use. VERY VERY VERY disappointed!!!!
Disgusting. Beware guys. If you are subscribing then monthly they will deduct your money.
Cost $ not interested
Didn't know you have to pay to get anything at all. Dont waste your time even entering your info
It did not let me to see even the exercise : it ask some questions about height and weight and... then ask me yearly pay. I uninstalled it.
When it's not Free don't put it in categories like Free
If I could rate this app as 0 i would! The developer replied to request a refund. What a joke! This company is just taking peoples money! Not able to change subscription or request a refund if it is not through Google pay. I did not expect a beginners yoga class to have you doing single toe planks on a warm-up! WTH!
HATE IT. I thought it would be tailored for me because you put all your fitness details in but 95% of the workouts are too hard for me to do at my level of fitness and being a beginner and I finish the workout feeling extremely frustrated not having been able to do most of the moves she's doing. The only thing I can do is the short daily "bikini body" 30 day workouts. Definitely not worth the 3 months I bought. I want my money back! I thought I was going to get a 7 day free trial 😡
CAUTION! Dont download the app! The app violated my privacy. Once I opened the app, I hv to provide my personal information (height, weight & age). Then i was required to subscribe their plans in order to use the app. It is completely a fraud! No services is provided after they collected my personal info, and who knows what they are gonna do with my information?!
How to deact this app?
After answering all the questions and going through, I assumed that I would have a fitness plan. There was no plan, the workouts were not beginner friendly, the videos were so fast that I nearly injured myself, so stopped. I would like a refund, and will look for at home programs that actually offer what was promised . Do NOT recommend
It is NOT FREE.
I sighed up for a free trial to only be charged straight away not happy at all!
this app charge your mobile phone for subscription without authorization.
This app sucks. The woman's voice is cringe worthy and she sounds like she is giving an instructional video on how to make a PB & J. Also, how are you going to see results doing 5 minute daily workouts? Let's get real people. Yoga is amazing, but that's a bit far fetched. Save your money and go check out Yoga with Adrienne on YouTube.
I paid for a year and now I cant access the app anymore. I used it exactly 3 days. It looks like a scam. I want my money back.
Becaruful when you pay the amount. With one single option it is paid immediately. There are no trial class to check. Didn't like the plan.
This app directly ask you to pay the fees.
Extremely useless app. I bought the subscription and they probably handed me over a program which is useless and practically impossible to follow on an app.Who was thinking and designing??
I didn't even know I had signed up because I didn't give my bank details until I went to pay my phone bill an this app had charged me and my phone bill was double, it was supposed to be £28.99 a years subscription but i have been charged another £28.99 on my phone bill now I can't afford to pay as I am not in work! How do I go about getting a refund?
needs to pay before using the app👎👎👎
Really €10 a month bit much
There's no trial or anything. They simply charge after the survey. False advertisement on instagram.
I need to know how to cancel the weekly charges although i have already uninstall the app directly after inatalling it and i dont have any subscription on app store but my mobile bill is getting weekly fees
Didn't knew that its paid ..... Disappointed atleast you should have given some of the exercises free off cost
false advertisement
The app will ask all details and then money. There's no trial or anything. Such a waste of time.
Not free at all. As soon as you complete the setup it wants payment before you can begin.
Useless
It's not free. You will get NOTHING without paying!!!! And by the way there are thousands of free apps which offer amazing programs for losing weight or get fit or building muscles.
No use
FALSE ADVERTISING!!!! It's not free.
Ad said it was free but once you provide your fitness details there is a charge
I dont care for the app. Not really my speed. Now im stuck with a subcription and the developers will not even consider refund even though I know im not going to use this app for the reminder of time.
Its NOT FREE.. why advertise wrongly? You take our personal info by that trick... its unethical...
I thought yoga for men according to your Facebook advertisement, this is misleading.
Third class app
It should have minus ratings.. Not even a trial 1-2 day... How are we supposed to know what's in there... This is misleading to start with sign up and directly leading that to your subscription plan... Sorry but this cannot work..
It's free to download the actual app but it's a subscription service so you have to pay money before you cam actually see any content.
It was just terrible experience with this app, I subscribed for this app and payment was done but I couldn't use it atall as it didn't take me through after the last page of the app.When I reached out to customer support through email they suggested to click on Restore and I did so but that also didn't work.Now no one responds email also.Lost the money as the doesn't refund amount even before activating it.
Does not provide a structured workout plan as advertised. Just a bunch of videos.
Bad. I am unable to do these stretches. I am to over weight for these position. The profile that i was able to set up is misleading.
I want my refund of R699, I dont have an account with you and I'm not using your app, but this morning you deducted R699. I would really appreciate your corporation in this matter. Kindly make it a point that my money is back in my account by the end of the end and thank you.
Very expensive, I did not know you have to pay for this?! No thanks...
Quite enjoyable but time allocated for workouts not very efficient for a more active person
Its paid app.. Not free
Too expensive
I can't seem to go past the get started stage despite being charged for the app.
Too expensive!
They asked questions to personalize a plan for reaching the target weight. After the payment, the interface shows genetic 10 workouts. There is no path and there is no guidance on what all workouts to do. This seems to be a big scam.
This app does not have payment option. It automatically selects googlepay as payment option and does not have option to unsubscribe.
Waste of time.... Requires you to purchase a workout programme
This app is not free you put all your details in they work out your plan and then you have to pay to see it totally misleading!
They collect all your personal info, before telling you it costs regular payments of $3.99 or reduced annual rates.
Poor
Advertised as free daily work out. However you must buy a subscription to view anything
Not free like advertised.
I didn't even think about buying this app! just unlocked the phone with a fingerprint and the money gone from my account. in the support service, no one is going to help clear up the situation. just said sorry, it's happened, we won't send money back
It's fully paid. No free trial at all. Fee is too much for a month.
App is very bad and costaly
Seeing app Google play it seems it has free exercises to give it a try, but after setting it up there's no going further unless you pay. I'm not going to pay for something it can't even try = Uninstall
I csnt even get signed up. The intro screens dont work right. And thats after the update.
Don't download this app unless you are willing to pay a lot of money. 😠
I made the payment and now I can't use app. Money came off from my side but I still can't use it. Please refund me or solve the problem. I have paid for a full month. So please solve this issue.
Worst
Thought it was free. I don't really need this app, I just want to check it out, but I uninstalled because of the membership. You can't go in without paying first.
Horrible. I want a refund of my money.
Horrible.
Awful signed up expecting a tailor made programme for me to use .Nothing of the sort just a load of different exercises for you to try which you could get on you tube for free .Dont advertise what you can't supply your just taking peoples money for no reward .
The app asks you questions and creates a profile, then asks you to pay even for a trial. Also this app is for those who wants to lose weight, and doesn't consider if you are pregnant or just want to maintain a healthy weight or wish to do yoga without affecting your weight
Seems to indicate you are subscribed to pay before you have accepted
Fraud!!! They charged me 175 are, even though I did not authorize any transactions.
your ad looks interesting and easy. my feedback is to offer a wk trial before signing up.
I can't view on my tv using google chromecast. Any fixes?
It's not free😵😡
Waste of time! Why are the developers deceiving people by saying free when you don't even get to see what excercises are there in. Atleast they could have leave 3 free sessions for sample. All you get to see is a silly quiz then soon after it will lead you to subscription either monthly or yearly. Rubbish
What i read in the reviews is true.. they should atleast hv some basic excercises for free, you cannot do anything in the app is you do not purchase a plan, it will be better if you ask to directly purchase the app Worst application!!
Purchased the 1yr plan. App not working eventhough we cave strong wifi connection. Pls help
Not good for beginners. I have some experience with yoga so don't need step by step instructions for all poses, but this doesn't even give you time to take a breath. You're in child's pose for literally 2 seconds. This is NOT good for relaxation and breath. If you want to go fast, good. If not, this is not for you. Don't spend the $. I'm just glad I only got 1 week. There's no free trial but I still lost $4 just seeing that it won't work for me.
Promised a plan and then forced subscription to reveal it, but then just opened up a bunch of workouts that you can basically get through any other FREE fitness app. Rip-off. Don't fall for it
So expensive
Tried to unsubscribe but the money was still taken from my account. No happy as only Used it once and found it not any good for me
This is NOT a free app
I don't like the idea of not being able to try before I commit to a subscription. Need to understand if this would work for me. Uninstalled immediately. Not impressed.
I want to be fit, not lose weight. The only option it gives me is to lose weight.
How do I unsubscribe from this app
In height and weight screens back button is not working.
This subscribing... Uhm... No thanks.
Ask for payment
Suck
Expensive
It's a scam, you cannot do anything without paying there
All purchase required!!!
its not free app
Paid app
Easy to use but not free
They billed me for the year without consent and l am struggling to get a refund from them.
Can't use this app unless you pay for a description, but you only find out after having gone through set up. Uninstalling immediately...
The only free part is a questionnaire. Misleading = scam
I hate this app for a great advice don't even try to download it 😒😒its so lame
Not free
I decided to try it and I do not like it. The "yoga" is way too fast paced even for beginners. I wish I didnt try it
Just the same old thing .charging money
I did not like it
You can't even try it for free. No thanks!! Option to cancel or not - I think I speak for most when I say that we should be able to try it for free to see if we like it. Download then deleted. Waste of time.
I don't want to lose weight, i want to work on my physique and strength. But these options are not available
I was extremely disappointed with this app. When I downloaded it, it said I can have a free trial. But once it downloaded, it demanded my card details before I had even seen the main screen. Then I realised it charged me instantly for the subscription!! And when I watched the videos there was no beginner, so I had no idea what I was doing. The instructions in the video were going too fast for me. Wouldn't reccomend this app.
bad app
This app why so expensive? Every work out must pay?
Totally misleading, advert said free, I am interested in seeing what Yoga can do for me but not ready to commit cash right now (not that I wouldn't purchase I just wanted to see what an app can provide, I subscribe to other fitness stuff like Zwift etc). But no, I filled out questions and was then confronted with payment screen to see work out plan. Looking at reviews not prepared to pay for something that doesn't do what it says, if the title is a lie why should I believe it works
Not even helpful, going through the beginning bit choosing what I want to gain from the app, lose weight was not the one I clicked, I don't need to lose weight I need to gain muscle but it told me I needed to set a weight loss target.
It doesn't even let you try the app for free. It ask you to pau right away.
Hasn't worked for me
This is paid application
Very worst.... only if u pay cn get n... waste of time
I downloaded the app and uninstalled it in a few minutes later. No free trial, it just asks for payment outright.
This is a fraudulent app! Paid €49.99 for a year subscription and now all the workouts are locked! Its disgusting! Contacted them via email and they didn't want to know and didn't give me any reason for it! So now I'm 50 quid down and I cant even use it!!! SCAM SCAM SCAM
Intentionally Misleading!
Why the too much money I should pay in order to exercise at home via a mobile app!!! It doesn't make sense! Uninstall now!
This app sucks because everything u have to purchase. They did not even let u get a free try and see if u like the app or not. Everything is locked. If I could give them 0 star I would.
Can't even try it..thought it's free but not..
Why must i still pay if i can go pay the gym, disappointed
I didn't subscribe for this app.thanks to refund my money
Too fast for beginners level
False advertising! Stole money from my account
Not worth it, misleading, annoying and unsure this program.
No free trial!!! You'll be charged after you enter your info.. NO FREE TRIAL....
Stupid app
Not free
Useless
Used the app for 5 minutes this is not sutable for not trained person, please refund the payment asap
This is bull! After you install it... you have to buy a weekly plan, paying for it weekly... not at all interested in buying stuff... just wanted the yoga excersises...
App gives no info without paying a fee.
Thought there was a free exercise app
Wouldn't recommend this app anyone... It is missold! Leads you to believe it is work outs to lose weight and fitness. The advertisement is great! But when you've purchased, it's no where near the same in comparison. It is just a lady stood there performing very slow movements, with no guidance! I will be claiming my subscription back due to it being missold!
SCAM
They don't tell you you have to buy it... till you fill in all your info... fiton is a much better app and is free.
Pay to get fit, I can just as well join a gym for this amount.
I can't afford it!
I subscribed to the app, restored the purchase but the app kept giving me an error that something went wrong and my subscription wasn't found. It kept crashing.
I hate it when you have to purchase before taking the trial
Too expensive
I can't access it! I paid for a year and nothing is happening! I can't even get passed the subscription page even though it says I've already paid! UPDATE*** THEY ARE CHARGI G FOR MONTHLY AND YEARLY AND I STILL CAN'T ACCESS IT! IT'S A SCAM
Says its free, but you need subscription to see fitness plan
I thought this was a free app, this is false advertisement
Horrible! Don't advertise as "FREE" workout if you're asking for cc info. There are BETTER FREE apps. False advertising not cool!
the last they tell that they have annual charges
Horrible DONT DOWNLOAD WARNING NO REFUNDS AND THEY ARE REALLY REALLY RUDE ABOUT IT LIKE THEY ARE DESPERATE FOR MORE PEOPLE TO PAY! BTW THE APP SUCKS BIG TIME
is very bed
Downloaded for the free trial. Cancelled subscription straight away but still charged £9.49 and seemingly impossible to get a refund.
Hi can someone help me please?? My little sister downloaded the app on my phone and my bank card is connected with my phone Soo active this app Friday i saw 6 hundred and something when off on my bank and i saw go yoga is had i fight with her because i don't have that money to throw in the water im not going to use this app how can i get a refund to get my money back please
I downloaded the app to see how it works.I added my details to make an account.It provided me 7 days of free trial and then without my authentication my money was deducted from my bank account for yearly memebership.I had requested refund twice but at the end it says they can not refund it because it is against their policy.So please be careful if you want to save your money. I suggest not to use this app.
This app you pay for using it yoo its bad
It does not work.it was awful..
Why do I have to pay for weekly plan while I use data to download it😡😡
It says that it's the 9th top FREE app. It is not free
Honestly I'm shocked that we need to pay before we can access this I just wasted my data.
Not free
No trial period
it mentioned about free trial. but when downloaded there was no access before minimum payment. Had to simply uninstall it. they should give flavour of if the app is good enough for a paid membership. it asks meaning less / rhetoric questions (do you want to be fit, do you want to be stress free / sleep better etc), as if they are going to modify the yoga plan as per it.
Didnt even use the app and now it took our last food money for subscription. No warning that the trial was ending whatsoever! I cant feed my family now.
Do not do free trial ! You'll get charged £43!!
It's not free. So don't waste your time. Just get another app for you
I bought a years subscription and had to get a new phone after I had paid for it, I only got 2 weeks use . I installed the app on my phone but it has nothing at hand to recognize that I have already paid for a year. I demand a refund!
It asks you if you are beginner but gives workouts for not level. Had a hard time doing the exercises.
App downloads but doesnt install
Doesn't even have a free trial
Free trial blah but not really like it boldly brodcasts
Without starting demo asks to buy... Foooolissh
I paid for this app and was never able to access it. When I clicked on the app to access it, it kept taking me back to the enrollment questions.
Not free
Must have missed having to pay.... really want to cancel subscription but struggling to do so. Someone must know how to do it. It's not show up in my subscriptions.
Tf... Expensive
Not what I was expecting, in a bad way. The pace is WAY TOO FAST! By the time I look at what is being done and am able to shift into position they are already on to the next pose. The narrator is monotone and computerized and doesn't explain anything. You don't even have time to properly breathe. I cant believe I paid $13 for a month of this. I could have bought 3 yoga DVDs for the same price and gotten way more out of it for a much longer time frame.
Hi guys, I cancelled my subscription before 7 days but my payment isn't comeback to my account on Google Play, can you help me, please?
Cant get past questions to do workout
NOT FREE - false advertising. Free to download and answer questions but the plan designed especially for you has a monthly fee to use. Don't waste your time unless you're willing to pay.
Before charging me there should be a way you take my permission..I didn't grant any permission to charge you as you like..not even responding to my queries properly..I can actually contact consumer forum if this is not sorted..I'll definitely bring this to people's notice by posting on Twitter and other social websites..I'll make sure there will be no other victim to such attrocities.. Google should not encourage such third party vendors who charge their customers money without prior notice
No free trial. Even to have look inside they want to charge. Recommended not to download
Didn't know you had to pay, didn't say that in your ad
Was thinking to use it but is telling when an app reviews are all 1 or 2 stars. I am definitely not downloading or paying for it
Don't bother not free
I thought it's free app After downloading it asking to pay
Why does it want a payment before even experiencing the app or program s. Waste of data on download
Purchased in error and developer & google will not refund my money. Extremely angry. Be wary everyone.
This is so ridiculous! I admit that i was wrong completely subscribing your app but it was an accident! It happened last dec. 5 and I canceled my subscription the day after and they running around the bush and telling me they cannot proceed to the refund! I was begging to you people but you don't have answers! You kept on ignoring my emails! I was in a emergency last time that's the only money that I have I keep on following the steps how to get the refund but still YOU DON'T HAVE THE ACTION!
This app not working i cant swipe to continue and start. This sucks.
Bad, asking for money.
Why is every app paid?
Ive sent an email to cancel my 1 week trial since there's no way to do it in the app. No response from anyone. DON'T DOWNLOAD!
Paid app only
Free to download but not so free to use. I was actually looking forward to using the app but C'est La Vie.
U have to pay for it
Starting was too much good..after that next step it was chargeble...we can use also another app which is free for us... But now days user wants to free apps...
Don't install by mistake also. Bakwas app
Useless
I have the same problem as Nanno Mann. I canceled the subscription exactly a week from the date of trial and I still got charged on my credit card. I requested a refund the same day and its been almost 10 days of not hearing back from them. Horrible!
Dont even want to give a single rating star!
No tailor made workout plan! No plan all! The calendar in the picture is NOT on the app! Its just a bunch of yoga workouts. I was really looking forward to creating a yoga fitness routine. Super disappointed that I PAID for this! Why would you do this??? WANT A REFUND!
Not free to access at all.. At least alloe a day trial without having to pay first
I am disappointed. There is no proper directions. It supposed to be a weight loss plan. I don't even know what to say and I paid for a year. I am really disappointed. Did not read the reviews before I purchased. I wasted hard earned money.
I would like to test it out before I buy it, it might be for me it might not be for me 🤷🏽‍♀️. Not given the opportunity to test it makes me feel like it's a scam. But if their business models work for them, then good for them.
**edited** Now that I've paid for the app I have no access to it. I've contacted the appl creator and it's been months waiting for them to fix the issue. Its actually disgusting that a time lapsed app has deprived me of months of use without issuing a refund. Would not recommend Only wanted the trial but forgot to cancel and ended up being billed for the full year subscription. Best mistake to happen to me. Really like the program.
After I link my account the app doesn't work anymore! Are you charging me for this? I can't even unlink my account because this app won't work. It only shows the sign up part. Can someone from your team help me on this?
Makes you go through the whole questionnaire then tells you need to pay... should have been clear from the start
Attempted to re install the app on my new phone, I have paid for the year. But can't Log back into the account.
1 star
All legit apps before making you to subscribe and pay give at least ast few days to try the app and decide if it is what you need. The fact that you don't have that option already means you are not confident that after free few days people will wants to subscribe so you try to get money by forcing to subscribe.
Saya sudah daftar untuk langganan bulanan tapi aplikasinya tidak bisa dipakai bahkan meminta kembali untuk daftar dengan paket lain.
Is this exclusively for women? Isn't yoga good for men too? I do a little yoga for my back, and was hoping to get some other poses and exercises, but this seems very female-centric.
Unless you purchase anything there is no way in.itvis disappointing.atleast a week trial should be there
Terrible. I bought the subscription for one month, the payment was pending and after that declined.
This is with pay at the very beginning Its up to you guys
Bad apps You give my mb
It's not free why you put it as a free app?
Very disappointed as it is not a free app I will not pay for something. When there's so many others that are free. Wasting my time
Charging money without delivering results. Do not even inform before downloading
Waste of time, nothing like advertisement. Not fun or interesting at all
This app is only made to support weight loss! I am shocked! I need to put on weight and the target weight has to be inferior to your weight!
Money grabbers
What the heck I subscribed it you deduct amount and doesn't show anything I didn't say that I don't like the app I said where is my money you take it my money but I don't have access to use the app
Worst app i ever saw....
It's too expensive
Won't let you do anything until you pay. Not a free app.
cant use without payment
Doesn't offer anything personalised at all. Just a bunch of videos on the app with no help. Don't waste your money. You can however request a refund from Google play store within 14 days if like me, you didn't read the reviews until after. I bought it, cancelled subscription and requested a refund all within half an hour 🙄
Bought a year subscription eager to start learning yoga with a monthly plan. This app is a huge disspointment from first day, it is absolutely not for beginners, positions change way too fast and there is not a monthly plan as advertised. I hope it is refundable.
👎
I have subscribed and paid the amount, but still can not view the routine , keeps asking for subscription and displays error! Either fix it or refund the amount.
Don't Install this App .. Untill you paid for it Its doesn't work ..
Thought the app was free. It's not
This app is rediculous! I am so angry! Was not happy with the purchase they made with my credit card without my permission and now they wont do a refund! This is out ragous! Never again.
Just found this app via an ad. The ad and app both present as free, which it is. Then you go through all your info, including your goals for strength building, weight loss, etc. Once you have your hopes up, it hits you with the payment screen. This is not only manipulative, people are probably using this app to gain self esteem causing them to feel obligated to make the purchase, it is also cruel. If you legitimately don't have the money for it, it crushes any hope and motivation you had.
Cheaters! The worst app ever. There are a lot better apps than this. Besides, they made you pay the first week and even if you cancel it few minutes after your payment they won't refund. I do not recommend at all.
Would be nice to trial this before being charged. I don't even know what to expect before being asked for money.
Not free, misleading
App is only for women such a shame
Horrible cant cancel!
What a waste of time! After getting filled all details, it asks for payment! Worst.
this sucks, dont tell you you have to pay u till youve downlaoded the app
You have to purchase it unseen.
Cannot cancel and get money back, I cannot do these exercises, don't sign up
SCAMERS THE APP SAYS FREE AND ITS CLEARLY NOT Asking all personal infos about your body goals to ruin it by asking for money before showing you your tailord personal plan.
Horrible, tried many times to cancel and showed an issue and when I could do it they charge me the annual cost
This app does not give you a free week subscription!!!! I cancelled before the 7 week free trial and they still withdrew money outve my account. I wont be paying my rent this week as this dishonest app took $79.99 money outve my account. I would like my money refunded in full please or i will be taking this to fair go
Donot waste ur time to download this app please.after answering almost 12 question it shows monthly bill payment.disappointment
You have to pay
Such a disappointment!! Please do advertise correct.. no where in your advertisements were mentioned it is a paid subscription.. such a time waste!!
What a waste no work outs here... It doesn't open any work out without requesting payment for free trial what madness is this🙄🙄your reply is as useless as your App
You have to pay to make use. They should really state it in their description ! It is really unclear.
Need to pay. NOT A FREE APP
I just joined and made a payment and the app wont work! I Put in the same 12 steps to start workout and it just goes to the payment page again. I hit continue and it says error already subscribe to this. There is no moving forward.
Disappointing!!! After registration and data collecting they ask for buying subscription. Waste of time.
Too expensive
You don't allow to use your app without subscription, so you are providing bad ux for your users. Please check with analytics tool how many users you lose in this firat step. And please read a bit about good ux
This app has yoga workouts but they are NOT tailored to a your experience or fitness level, as the ad led me to believe. There's no working up to the poses, they are for slender, very fit people only.. If you are inactive, you simply can't possibly do the workouts. Waste of money.
It freezes on your work out plan is worked out
It would be really nice to try the "free trial" BEFORE having to put in payment details. Uninstalling, thanks.
While installation u should charge.. U make people input all details and finally ask them to pay to to have the benefit
There is nothing to try with the app. Everything is paid. Uninstalled
How can I purchase something without knowing how the experience gonna be? Can't you guys give free trial for atleast 2 days? You want me to purchase away the app without even seeing the animation or the way instructions are given?? Learn something from daily yoga app
They mislead you you download and gets charge for nothing
Don't give it a free tag... Ridiculous
Charged me without permission, I have contacted the app customer service twice to cancel payment and they haven't replied to me and just took the money out of my account. Extremely anger about this and want it sorted asap!
Worst app. No proper easy contact n directions. Exercises are too tough for normal who wanna start and after all asking details at first it doesn't give the exercises explicit i feel it's app same for all and now i have subscribed for a year i get often problems . There is lock kind symbol on top of each exercise I'm unable to open it now all of sudden n i donno whom to contact n these ppl to reply they takes months.. Worst app i don't recommend plz don't download
You took money without authority. I have not used this app. I am disappointed and when I ask for a refund. Your excuse a family member must have authorised the purchase.
It's charge me with error/failed notification, and I can't use the apps after the apps charge me with error notification on payment.. How to cancel the charge...
very limited payment option. Also, there should be one week trial... so that we can decide.
Wants you to pay its stupid
Got the trail...... then 30days later, surpised by the charge in my bank with no activation code email or activation nr ! Tried to activate with a nr on the app store....but number is inaccurate.
Without seeing demo class , dont think will subscribe. I need to see for what I am paying. Can you arrange for a trial class.
If I could give this app a cero I WOULD like it CLEARLY SAID IT ON A ADD IT WAS FREE BUT ITS NOT I'm 12 im just trying to loose weight
Don't downloading this don't downloading it don't bother
I do not want to be automatically charged. I do not want it to be linked to my google pay account. Emailed to unsubscribe and cancel everything. That scared me when I barely did anything and read the reviews. I am uninstalling and praying nothing gets charged. That was sneaky..
Free App, but not free. It asks you some questions and says it comes up with a 4wk weight loss plan for you, but you can't even view it until you pay either a one month trial fee or z year subscription fee. Nothing free about the app at all.
janganlah kedekut ilmu hmmm tu pon nak bayo
I find this app is suitable for those who knows yoga. Didnt get the step by step instructions. Instead i got challenges to complete. Subscribed for 2 months and i just cancel it.
Thank God I went thru all the reviews before paying for it ...I don't think I will go for it after reading the reviews. U guys should provide a trial so that the customer is aware what product one is buying .
😭😭😭NO REFUNDS AFTER TRIAL DONT DOWNLOAD EVERYTHING IS LOCKED AND NOT WORTH IT!!! WARNING DANGER DANGER DONT DOWNLOAD RIP OFF. AUTOMATICALLY TAKES 45.00 BUCKS AT LEAST OUT YOUR ACCOUNT
Scam. Starts with setting up profile with no registration which is good, the straigh after demands subscription money.
I downloaded this app as it looked like something I could do during lockdown, after seeing it advertised on Instagram. I quickly deleted it again after reading poor reviews and my phone hasn't been right since....Instagram has flicked to Facebook multiple times! Not impressed!
If you really wanna make us pay in the first go , atleast keep the billing cycles short so it's reasonable for us .
Not helpful at all, Is nothing personalised, they ask you to pay money before you access app they make you this weigh /high test and after payment you are really expect your personalised plan (mornings, evening work outs) to you... Sorry you just find a bunch of work outs, very unorganised and nothing to do with your personal workout 🤐 Very disappointed 😶 Not recommended at all...
Rubbish app... DONT USE... Deduct your money even on free trial and refuse to refund! Nonsense developer team! 👽❌❌❌
No free content. Gives me a strong feeling of deceptive sales tactics.
It's not free at all
Unsubscribed after two days. This app doesn't offer almost any value. Once you open the app and fill iuty your main concerns and info about yourself,it takes you to collection of short training videos. Videos can't be casted to tv, they can't be fast forward. Literary it would be better if you opened any Youtube Yoga channel. Not worth the money at all.
Didn't take me anywhere even after i ckicked continue to bill
Itz purchase app not free one like reviews mentioned earlier.. So each person can't afford it.. and itz too coastly than normla yoga classes
I only wasted my data downloading this app. It's not useful
Only paid version
paid £20.49 can't even use it everytime I go to use it it sends me back to the beginning asking me to read subscribe and pay again an absolute joke.
This app actually doesn't deserve a star at all. There's a reason for its low rating...
I don't like the app
Promo promised personalized plan. As great as this app may be, there is nothing like that in there. I expected an organized training plan based on all the questions I answered. It's like - now that we lured you in, explore and try stuff. Very deceiving. I am going to get my money back.
There should be free trial for beginners.
I subscribed but can't log in
I paid and application doesn't work, send 3 emails no answer ... I want my money back
If you have canceled your subscription but you had already paid and you haven't started using the app do you get your money back ?
I give 1 star, because I can not give 0.Absolutely useless. It doesn't help you get a plan. It just asks questions and then starts to ask for money so you can see your plan. Not worth it at all.
👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎👎
To continue from the first screen you need to agree to the subscription and terms & conditions. I read through both and couldn't find how much the subscription cost. Deleting!
I hate that it forces me to subscribe and immediately wants a payment plan. I want to see how it works first b4 i commit financially. I couldn't even get far.
Worst app ever , they wont show you anything until you purchase, they dont even have a free trials or free exercises. You simply can't do anything until you pay first. Like dammit I dont wanna purchase until I see if your program is worth it first. Really lame
Did a blunder of subscribing.. amount deducted, but no access . Looks like a fraud scam. Should have checked reviews before downloading
Sino dejas el número de la tarjeta no podes probar la app Malísimos
Not what it claims. There's no "plan" just yoga videos you can find online.
Belum apa2 lg da mintak payment.. Sengal nya apps
App takes a forced subscription of 50 euros. And i don't even have an option of cancelling the subscription . Do not download !!
Installed it .....filled out all the details about myself...only to realize that I can't use it without buying subscription...!! So uninstalled it 🤷‍♀️ I will not subscribe something that I don't know will work for me or not .
This app is pathetic they just want to charge without giving a single day chance to try this app how can we pay for something we don't know will work or not?
Scam... Worst experience ever
I really thought this was a cool app, until payment was done and there's no personalised guidance as to how many yoga sessions should be done in a day. They just give you about 20 or more yoga videos... Are we supposed to do 1, 2,3 or all??!!! I'm even more annoyed that after only 10 minutes of being subscribed, I didn't get get a refund when I cancelled. Very disappointed!!!! Really wish I'd read the other reviews here before paying
This isn't yoga.
I've beem doing Yoga for the past 4 months and felt comfortable trying a month on here as there is no trial(there should always be a trail!!!) I read the reviews and thought I'd giv3 it a try as I've been doing yoga for a little while now. The moves in beginner are way too fast for you to do them! Wth we are not sonic the hedge hog! Yoga shouldn't go that fast in beginner! I'd give it no stars if it was an option.
Can't entered even if there's free trial.. You can't access unless you entered you account number and so on
I'm trying to cancel this app using the instructions and I can't, it doesn't get cancelled and been charge already
Very bad not working at all.i pay for nothing. I hope you can resolve this problem it is a waste of money.hoping to have my money back.
Got the app, cancelled within trial period but was still charged Read other reviews before downloading.
Where my private program, i found general exercise
Without paying its useless
They really don't know about BMI. WHAT A GOOD TRAINING APP!
The beginner exercises are way too advanced. Very discouraging, and there's no trial, so I paid over 30 bucks for an exercise program that will probably result in injury. Live & learn.
Froze up my android
This app is misleading, it does not give any personal fitness plans, does not have any pause, forward or rewind options. The trainer doesn't give instructions on how many set or repetitions to do and what stretch you should feel. I paid for the app and now I cannot see any videos, it all locked up. I cant even go and cancel my subscription. Kindly cancel my subscription and refund my money.
This app is not at all as described. There's no customized plan at all. How should I know when to do which workout?
to expensive
I was having an excellent experience with the app but I changed my phone and can't log in on the new device. How can I do it? Please, help! Thanks. P.s still waiting for help.
I'm waiting for a refund can you tell me how long it takes to refund the money please
I have purchased the full version but i dont know where the data is set
Breakdown before stats
Saw this advertised on social media figured it would be cool to try, got done setting up all the required stuff and then found out you have to pay for it.
As others have said not a tailored programme with any tracking - a random selection of yoga videos. Want a refund. False advertising.
Most useless app ever found..you will be charged without confirmation and you won't be receiving proper response from them..I don't wanted to use this service at all..I was accidentally signed up by my cousin she didn't know how it all went and now I have been stuck in the game between Google Play and this damn app wen asked abt the refund...don't ever go for this app..waste of time and money... people I beg you read the reviews before installing this app
I have also cancelled within 2 days, during the "trial period" and have not gotten my 32.99 back yet. It promised a personalized plan which it didnt give. Please give me the money back.
I can't even open the app for not purchasing it..
Bad
If i could rate it zero stars i would. I dont like it. Its misleading. Its says that the app is free but inside you have to pay. I have also seen that many people complain about this. Really ruined it for me.
Pls trial
I cannot even try with no payment? Sorry guys 😄
First,had trouble getting in once I paid. After several emails, finally was able to log in. The exercises offered were not for beginners, which I am. Very disappointed with the entire experience except for the fact they did get back to me fairly quickly when I had the problem of logging in.
Why does it say Free at the bottom of the ad....then not even a free trial !?!? Was of time and totally lost the desire to even try anything nice! Thanks alot grrr
I pay already for use this app but i can't open.i so dispointed
No trial period whatsoever, no detailed description how the app works, no info on what the app is about before you pay. Minimum spend is for 1 week, looked at the app for 5 minutes, it's not for me. You can have my money for the week.
Scam app, Be aware and don't install unless you want to get your money stolen by a scamming business. The app shows a false price and charged my visa 50x the advertised price. Developer doesn't reply to email and got auto email telling the he/she doesn't refund. Such scamming apps shouldn't be on Google Play.
Makes you pay for the app 😒
The app looks very little like the advertised interface save for the library of workouts which are basically not at all scheduled or planned to your needs or objectives, its just a library of yoga videos frankly a total waste of time if you want a guided program. The response below is patently a lie, there is no scheduling, there is no tayloring, they just give you access to a portfolio of 25min yoga routines that are candidly pretty average. App bares little resemblance to that advertised.
Totally disappointed. We have to subscribe to use the app. Nothing is as per image shown here. I cancelled my subscription 2 days later and they denied my refund.
Not realistic and poor yoga app
I can't even use the app even though i paid smh please
Completely subscription based. The app is free but you have to pay to do ANYTHING. False advertising.
They ask a lot of questions, to tailer the experience and then just random pile of sessions, no route of progression. You have got to somehow known which one to do. Utter rubbish. With lots of enhales exhales, chucked in. To reiterate utter rubbish. Can you refund the money u paid. None of the pictures below resemble the app. They must have coppied them from a good one, perhaps you can tell me the name of the app you borrowed them from?
App is not working 🙄
Install-Fill up-Unistall. Forget this nonsense. Free to download not free to use. Rubbish.
It doesn't work for me, I cant even start doing yoga
Work outs are not 10 minutes as advertised.
You have to pay for it when it says it's free
Should explain that you need to set up a payment plan
False advertising. Very disappointed. The questionnaire suggests you will get access to a tailored work out which is not the case at all. You get access to a bunch of videos with no rhyme or reason. I joined this app and paid for a year because I saw an advertisement on Instagram which again is NOTHING like the experience you actually get on the app. I'm very annoyed. Your advertising and marketing is completely misleading. You clearly have not taken any previous feedback on board.
False advertising. No plan, just a bunch of videos to choose from. No idea what to do with them and how and when and how often. And reading the reviews, i had a little fun. People complain, then the response is like a standard scripted answer. Sorry to see you go, but what was wrong, bla bla bla, when the person clearly described the problem in the review. They sound more like 'glad we took your money, you may leave now'. You can see what kind of people they are just by reading their replies...
The reason why I dl and paid for this app is because it said tailored work out plan. Since it says lose the weight in 4 weeks I thought it would tell me which workouts to do but it's just a bunch of workouts on the screen to choose from. I'm disappointed. It's kind of false advertising. You can't advertise that an app has things and then it doesn't.
This is sick
I am a beginner to yoga and this is definitely not for beginners even though they supposedly have a beginner level. Should have done a trial before buying. My bad... wont make that mistake again.... do a trial first because you will hate it if you are a beginner.
Do not purchase this app. There is a lot of false advertising and options shown which are not available. I paid a years subscription, and when realising the app was not as advertised, requested a refund. Yoga-go explained they couldnt do it directly and instructed me in the direction of doing it through Google play. Google play did not let me have a refund due to their policies, but I think Yoga-go already knew this and had managed to keep my money. Don't make the same mistake I did....
I can't even log in.. I've been charged but it claims I'm not registered when I put in my email? I want a refund please
You have to have a membership (with $) to get any workouts.
Why does it have to be 100% paid
Not a fan. Goes way too fast and seems impersonal. I do not feel comfortable at all. I regret buying the year. Waste of money.
Feels bad giving 1 star considering I didn't get to use the app and I'm sure it's probably very good, but it forces you to buy a subscription before you can use any part of it. There wasn't even a trial that I could see, so I uninstalled
Zero star rating
Advertised as free, but i am against a paywall as soon as i register. Uninstalled without trying it at all.
No payment transparency. Made me do a whole quiz and measurements to then tell me I have to pay.
Wouldn't work once subscribed
Terrible
Says it's free then tries to charge you £25
Can i get a refund for my year subscription its not as advertised, i wanted a beginners yoga to teach me how to do it and it certainly isnt beginners, its too fast and you cant even rewind the videos to see the pose again! Very unsatisfied.
Rubbish can't login I have paid my money and every time I create a profile ita asking me to pay again. I want my money back
Installed the app, went through the set up to create a profile and before I could even see the exercise regiment I got slapped with a pay wall, why not give a week free before asking for a subscription, waste of time.
Los planes que de muestran en la publicidad, no son los mismos que hay en la aplicación.
It's a con ggggrr
I would like a refund less than 24 hours after downloading. No free trial period?
My money has been deducted and I am unable to login... kindly help me with this, otherwise I will understand it is your trick to deduct money
Poor show, if you're charging a subscription tell me up front please! Maybe mention it at the download page. I see this has now been changed.( Edit)
Have to pay to get the plan. Misleading!
Your app says FREE and as I am going through it, setting it up, I am suddenly faced with a "1 week to 12 month subscription". What the hell! Beware people. There are more honest better apps out there!
The advert mentioned nothing about how much the plan would cost, while they are pitching it as "affordable", in a time when I am out of work I can't afford to be spending money on things I don't know will work for me or not. I have uninstalled it and am going to try some of the apps offering a free trial period, as an absolute beginner I don't feel comfortable paying for a service that is essentially available for free on YouTube.
Misleading
I was so excited to try this and the warm up was good, though I struggled to keep up. And then when the main part of it was not a workout but me patting myself down, I thought it was stupid. Not the "workout" I was looking for. Very disappointed
Koi kam ki aap nhi he band karo is ko
Not for free. Totally payful, not playful. Not even 3-days free trial or even in a single day. Forced to uninstall it immediately. What a waste of internet data.
I answered all the questions thinking that I will get a customized workout for my age. There was none. Tried the most basic wake up yoga and it was not appropriate for me. I would have been better off sticking to the yoga videos on YouTube. Very very disappointed! I should get a refund for this.
Sorry, I won't subscribe without knowing if the actual app is worth paying for. Keep in mind that even physical gyms have free class for evaluation.
I have not received my personal fitness plan or anything that has been promised. Please cancel my membership and refund ASAP.
Very disappointed i purchased this app and was so excited to try yoga and thought this would be perfect for me because it said it created a routine specific for me as a newbie but after paying for the plan and starting my first workout it was absolutely ridiculous the instructor moved so fast she was done 7 poses before I even got my footing for the first.
Awful, I completed all questions and stated that I was a beginner. The sessions are NOT for a beginner at all. Complete waste of money!
My kid purchased this and I need to get a refund
Fake. The recipes in the advertisement is not from this app. There is only exercise. I feel lied by this. Not worth it, I paid and won't have refund after written then several times.
This is a con. You install app.you answer questions. It then says you need to pay to access your personalised yoga routines. That is a lie. Once paid you only receive generic content, none of which is suitable for beginners. I have been practicing yoga for 22 years and this is the worst set of videos I have seen, they are too fast, too complex, offer no explanation on poses and could cause harm to those unused to yoga poses. Even the warm up routines for beginners are fast using hard poses.
Nothing relaxing about this experience. The movements are too quick, the volume is loud (breathe in, breathe out constantly said) and if you somehow tab your phone that makes you go out of the app (or the screen shuts off) the workout is not saved and you have to start over. I regret buying a year.. Only used for a week, and will not use it again
Waste of money and possibly unsafe. You will be asked detailed questions about your age, weight, goals etc, then after you pay you will only find a library of yoga sessions with no tailoring to your needs, poor explanations and no information about how to parctice yoga safely. The calorie burn for each session is almost certainly exaggerated
Very disappointing. The ad is animated, with accurate illustration of exercises, so I thought lessons are also. But, its not and the feeling is totally different. Lessons are boring with monotone voice. Its better to see videos in YouTube
Already paid For a year and the apps has nothing but few video yoga.. Really false advertising
I don't like it 😕
Deceiving fraud. Stay away. No personalized plan as advertised when selling. Just a bunch of videos. It.s a scam!
Money money
Where is the guided plan? I paid a lot of money for an app. The only reason I paid was because you said that you would have a guided plan. There is NO plan! There are not ANY and guided instructions. This is to expensive to just have a bunch of videos and NO plan! I would like someone to contact me about a refund.
Same pattern worst app
Paid app dont download useless
I made a purchase for this app and paid for it but I got a response that my request is cancelled. Worst is the options to now get a refund and have the yearly subscription cancelled so I don't get charged again automatically in future don't seem to be working.... it feels terrible now.
False advertising, I signed up for pro but no meal plan or customized training plan? Very disappointed 👊😏
Videos wont load
The video isn't loading at all. It says: "This is in violation of Cloudflare's Terms of services. If you are the webmaster and think this action was taken in error please file a support ticket for more information." And I've just subscribed for this app and paid for month already. And need my money back. Pay attention. Not recommended.
This yoga app is good but i don't think it can help to reach out people cause we have to pay, it's like when we go to gym there's no change, i recommend that put ads in this app, you can earn money in that but not like this thank you.
Absolute scam. The impression is customized and no matter what you choose it s the same bunch of a handful of workouts. Can't rewind or fast forward. It's better to watch the videos on YouTube. The worst part is they take the money upfront no trial period nothing. That should have been the biggest giveaway that it is not all that. No refund nothing. Sad.
Isn't working I've just paid for the year and they videos don't even work 🤬
Terrible! Definitely disappointed. The app doesn't work.
lol scam :))
Videos won't load due to a terms of service violation.
Terrible. If there's any disruption the entire sequence starts again and you can't forward it because apparently it violates the terms. I uninstalled and reinstalled and cancelled the subscription but the issue remained and no refunds given either. Very dissatisfied and disappointed even though the exercises were nice. Also they don't reply to emails!
I subscribed for a yearly subscription and I was ok with the videos already but after a day paying for those subscription the videos stopped working. And it made me really upset that I can't do anything right today. Thanks for ruining my day and mood and for taking my money. 😌🙃
I paid for a 1 year plan only to realize that it has copyright violations and I can't play the videos. I hope I can still get a refund. I only had the app for 2 days and if it will not work for the next 363 days, what did I spend my money for?
Can't watch videos after buying a subscription. So stupid
Paid for the workouts videos and they won't even play. Want a refund!
Nothing is free at all.
No free version. The questionare only leads to purchase of subscription.
I want to unsubscribe but can't find where to do that!
Absolutely ridiculous. I registered as a 74 yr old beginner and was expected to do moves like a professional yogi
I subscribed, and it wouldn't go past subscription fee. I can't start programs. I tried restarting it, and ir doesn't even have me registered, just trying to collect another fee.
Scam
Very difficult to follow on the phone screen. It would be helpful sending the videos by email, and be opened on my laptop. Is this possible? Or being able to install the app on the laptop with a confirmation key of the payment.
Scam
Pay to use only. Can't even see what the app offers. Pay for a box, mystery item inside. No thanks.
Scam thaf tries to charge you
I refuse to pay for an exercise video I can find and watch for FREE online. Absolutely NOT!
Hard to cancel and doesn't show upfront the costs till u have answered all the questions about your self
WARRNING!! WARRNING!! WARRNING!! Horrible Horrible Horrible !! No Workout Plans Or Meals!! The Only 20 Videos On This App Are Not Tailored To YOUR Specific Target Goals Or Areas!! ITS TRASH DONT WASTE YOUR MONEY!! Spent 12.99 For Monthly Membership smh
A scam!!! A waste of time and money!!!
This app is terrible. Their weight and health tracking sucks, the narration of instructions is awful, and the pace is too fast to safely and properly do the moves. You have to be a skinny yoga pro to be able to follow this at a beginner level. This is not a good weight loss app like they advertise. Don't waste your money.
Terrible. It won't even recognise my email address and let me start. How do i get my money back? Do not pay for this!!!
I would not recommend using this app. I signed up for it. They took my money and now the app does not register me as a client. I have emailed them twice and no response. Be very aware of this app. Do not use. Need to find out who to call regarding this issue
Useless app unless you pay for a subscription
Pathetic App
Awful
Not recommended to anyone Wate of money
Sab पैसे मांगते hai
It is paid
This app should provide trail period for its user for atleast 1 week. Without even experiencing how this app works forcing a user to buy subscription is not good. So I am uninstalling this app.
You have to give trial period if user like this then user pay for this otherwise people don't use your application.
It won't let you use it without subscribing and when you do it says you'll have a 7day free trial but it charged right away, I canceled my subscription a day after I opened it and it had already charged me, I want my money back, this is the worst work out app ever, no personal preferences or workouts for specific areas
These guys are just thugs
Gitu doang bayar, mahal pula
Unless you have the time to workout 4 times a day, this app is NOT worth it. There was NO trial available for this app and I signed up for a subscription and I instantly regretted it. There are much better apps with more features out there. Very disappointed.
MONEY MONEY MONEY, you go in app and you take a quiz then asks for money to know anything, no free trial and no free programs. Update: In response to owner of the app, if its not your intention to mislead people about app being fully 100% paid then please say so in description of the app otherwise have some form of free trial to see what you can offer first before we pay for the full product. How can i know my money wont be wasted when i cant even sample something? you don't have a reputation and you cannot build a reputation on blind trust.
I started a workout and it is stuck at 0%. Worked for couple of times and then it stopped.
Useless
You suck
We need free trial.
Shouldve given an option for a 3 or 7 day trial. I subscribe and accidently chosen the 1 year plan which cost sgd44. 90 and i cant get a refund. If theres a trial. People should be charged oncd the trial end. People also should be able to see how this app works. Really disappointed. App sucks and no refund, at least give back half of the payment. Its sgd44. 90. And im not going to use the app. 👎🏼
Your only choice is paying.
I deleted your app...pls pls don't take my money again, if you do it again am going to report you
I would just like to point out that the non-binary and female options are same.
It's not free
This asks payment ....which is not much helpful to me.
No free version. There are many better options that are also free.
بمشي معك للآخر بعدين بطلب فيزا ما بفتح
It's is a completely paid app..
It is not free
there is nothing free about this app, not like what i saw on the ads
doesnt have free version
Paid and installed but cant log in to the app. Sent a few emails about it, no reply. Sent and email about a refund, got a quick reply but seems Impossibe to cancel. Was told to cancel through google and request are refund from them but thats not how i paid. Just overall poor communication and no support. Too bad, the app looked promising. I just want to uninstall and get my money back...shouldnt be this difficult.
It's achievable
very expensive price and why i have pay for you 🤣1000/ per month.
The app developer was never responsible for any issues raised to them. I accidently purchased the app and cancelled it in less than 10 minutes. But the refund was not given back to me either the app developer or Google. That's 1,500 thag just flew away. Very bad experience!!!! 😡😡😡😡
I mistakenly purchased it so can you please send my money back please it's not mine 😭😭😭😭😭
Worst
If I could give no stars I would. Seemed great at first, asked for all the right details for a plan that might work. I got a tad suspicious when it said a 4 week plan had been created, what I want to achieve is not done healthily in 4 weeks. Then it does not show you anything until you pick a subscription option, no thanks.
I had to pay even before I take a look at the exercises. Just uninstalled it.
This app is fraudulent ،، it charges you once you click on the app just to see it
Expensive more than a gym
This is the most terrible app
This is not a free app. Before they give you your exercise plan you need to subscribe to a monthly payment. Uninstall after 5min use.
You should give a week free trial but no free trial is given just pay With a free trial we can get to know whether we can do the exercises or not.. then pay for it
If you have that much money to spend go to a real gym with a real personal trainer. No free options contact plans only.
Doesnt work.
Damn you are expensive...... deleted right away..... nope..... loads of free apps.
It is soooo expensive it's even more expensive then gym! I hate this app I am not going to pay so much money for this yes I am desperate tk lose weight but not at this cost!
Can't even get access to a single exercise without paying... And per week as well 🤦🏽‍♀️
Set all okey in the end need to pay.
😶
When you subscribe, I wasn't expecting the whole years worth to come out at one time of my bank. I was thinking about keeping it but the app doesnt even work right. When you unsubscribe when do I get my money back?
Horrible, scam
The app is free. The actual work out. Is not. Nothing is free. You put put in your body type. Then to actually work out. You have to pay. -_-
Not a free app. you have to pay for something that you can get for free on bunch other apps
I more so have a question if you do the 12 month it says a little over $2.00 a month so does it charge you the full $30 for the year first or does it charge you $2.00 monthly?
I thought it's without money 😐😐
You should tell that it's a paid app
Atleast should give some demo classes
Shows on clip u can do weights but wen u go onto it its more off a home workout
App needs payment even to try it out. There is no free trial. I don't want to buy something without understanding it. I will pay if I like it and want to use it further. At current stage, it is completely useless.
Need payment first.
i dont recommend, no trial for one week, ask for payments after the result of your diet plan as per app 🙄🙄 unlike others apps u can do work out offline no need to pay..
If I can do zero starts I would. I had to put in all my info before it told me I had to pay just to use it. Put that info first if you want to collect money. Don't let people waste the time to fill out everything to find out that they can not use it. Also dont have it for free to download if it cost montu to use it. The only thing that it seems free is putting our info in. Seemed like a great app but who can tell.
I don't know what this app is about!?? No trail options.neither videos etc...
I touch the continue button after personalization but the app didn't work!!!
How do you cancel subscription and get a refund
plz do not install it ...In starting I thought it is very good app I will suggest to my friends also but it doesn't showing even a single excercise without subscription even ragistration couldn't made without subscription 🥴🥴🥴waste of tym
Do not download if your are looking for free app. U will fill up all information about your which part of body u want focus, what is your aim to get and all, than they ask u to pay. I can get similar apps for free.
I stopped at non binary
You need to let people know that this is not a FREE workout plan BEFORE they start answering questions 🙄
No change to try for 30 days with out paid....the only want your money ... don't install
Charges are too high
Abosultely don't bother to install. Interested to install because of the interesting ads, but the apps is actually sucks. I didn't even know how the apps work, how it looks, how good it is, and even before we start it, they ask us to pay??? The question to developer is, do you guys will buy a car if u haven't test it yet? I bet the developer will blindly buy it hahaha
Would be a good app if I didn't have to pay
Absolutely ridiculous to expect someone to pay so much for something they have never seen, not even a 7 day total first. Deleted the app straight away.
Kak one. Immediately have to pay. Not really a free app
You should give a trail for 3 days at least
Useless app dont install it always ask for money subscription
This is a lie you need to pay , i though it for free that why i download it 😡😡
I don't want this app again
Poor
Terrible.... The app even though i paid €32 wont let me in despite several attempts to reinstall.. customer service have gone dark.. google refusing me a refund.. Disgusting customer service.. stay away Have given up trying.. Can't login...Can't even start the app.. cancelled sub.. Awful app, awful customer service
Have to pay
Wowww i love it ❤️❤️
When I finish my daily exercise application show as not finish and will not counting as days so application ask to do it again so I guess there is a problem in the application may be need to fix it If you can't fix it please I want to refund my money Contacted done and same issue they said you must contact developer
I dnt prefer this app because without paying u cant use this app and also no way of free exercise. as u not going provide material for us but then y r u earning through app
VERY expensive program you need to pay for. No exercise for free.
No view, no trial...just pay to see! It's a shame 🤮
You have to go through the long initial flow of questions just to realize that it is monthly premium app :( Upd: no questions on making it paid, please don't shift the focus. The problem is that you are not letting users know about it upfront.
It says it's walking app it's advertised online as that but when u enter the app there is no walking .it's a standard excercise workout app.
No further information regarding any thing else..asks you questions on weight height and areas you're keen on ...then .just rushed to payment like really
Not a free app, dont waste your time downloading it. Not even a free trial👎👎👎👎
bad.. fake ask u then need pay no free
Of no help unless you pay.
Scammers, they obligate you to sign up for subscription
We can't even try it and we should pay first
Ugh just when i thought i found something that will help they said they want me to pay if i could give less than a star i would they star of my taking every single information abt you then they hit u with payment ive been giving information for nearly 20 mins and then they want me to pay i guess its not the perfect app
I don't like this first you ask information then show a purchase in the end, instead of doing that mention first u will ask for payment. Than nike is better than your app.
Don't use this app.
لا تعمل
There isn't a free version of this app. Without a trial, they expect the payment to be done
No good
Precisa pagar sem mesmo testar antes, absurdo!
Useless app don't install
Pay to use.
Everything works only with premium. Bad App
When you download the app, you can't figure out how it looks like or how this works. From the very beginning you NEED to pay blindly to them. No trial option. Disappointing. I'm not going to give money PRIOR to understand if I like it. I just deleted the app immediately. Again, disappointing experience.
Other free-of-charge and still better apps are availble.
The app is 100% paid
not free😡
I do not want to use this application, how do I keep my funds from being cut off ?
Fake fake app.... Donot download.... Ts a scum.. used t and it was all stuck after filling in ma measurements.... its a scum... Please RIN
I'm a little upset I downloaded this app thinking it's a free app or at least a free trail but I have to pay just to use the app I don't mind that just felt a little cheated by the ad I saw
Why go for subscription, atleast your app should give few free service... Then only it is possible for me to decide whether to go ahead... Worst App
Don't download this app it is not free you have to charge 1000 rs for a month
21.99 a month!!! Are you kidding me?? Its only $10.00 a month for a gym membership with free coaching. I get you get a 7 day free trial but that's not worth it. The gym gives you a month free before you pay ONLY $10.
its waste of time
Not getting pass the part to continue to get my plan after submitting my information
This app doesn't work...I installed it twice and everytime i get a stick window says continue and nothing is moving on Zero is my genuine rate for your app 😡😡
Not gonna pay without a trial
Very expensive, not happy I had to download it to find out I had to pay!!
It doesn't tell if you need any in app purchases and further more when I tried to go through to the purchase it wouldn't let me... Not impressed
So much admin with this "free trial". I still have to enter my banking information and if I don't cancel the free trial subscription after 7 days I will get billed. NO!! Be upfront with people, it isn't free.
🤐
Horrible. I cancelled this and they still charged me. I dont even have it on my phone.
It asks questions to know about your needs and allegedly creates a customized training plan. However, you cannot see it unless you play.
It's to expensive 👎👎👎👎
Worst app and waste of money.. Dont go for this app..
very bad
What a rubbish... How can I pay without checking your contents!!
No free trials
What is use to be in google ply if u are charging for the plan. Do not install as it asks for payment for plans
Bogus app
I don't know about your aap then how can I pay without my knowledge,
Uninstall....LEAVE NOW!!
You should really at least give people a small trial if you want them to buy the subscription. DO NOT DOWNLOAD it says it free but you have to pay to use it but if you wanna pay then go ahead but personally I won't be wasting my money I'll just continue the exercise I've been doing.
You should mention here compulsory that this app is not free. Drama master
Just downloaded and water tracker not work which is discouraging me from this app already 11 bucks a month for something that don't even work is NOT GOOD AT ALL.
It may not be your intention to mislead your costumers but you do. In the add that made me download your app it said it is a free app and it s not! After putting in the details, you have to buy. It is not a lot of money, really, but the fact that you are not transparent nor a sure thing, made me not wanna buy. I didn't want a fee service but at least let me try it for a week and see what is all about before you make me purchase. Not a good marketing plan
Waste of time and money
1 star for bieng paid
Rubbish app...
I've cancelled my subscription why didnt i get a full refund ?
i want a refund as it is not useful for me at all. how can i get a refund ? pls cancel my subscription..it hasnt been even an hour since i started so please cancel it .
It requires subscription first
I am requesting for a refund of my subscription today total of 1,500.00 this app just a waste of money. Refund my money.
I downloaded the app & purchased the plan for a 12 month period. The exercise program & timer started immediately even I was not ready for a workout. I started 2 days later only to discover that I had forfeited the 2 days that i had not worked out. To aggravate the situation, the app only worked for 2 days and started giving me an error message. Tried reinstalling but that didn't work. I had to fight and send countless emails to get my money back. Don't bother, it's a waste of time & money.
Chutya paise ka chaakr
Must someone pay just to use fitness app, #endcuruption
Fudu app bhaincho....paisea te chlda sala
Its simply asking me to purchase without giving any idea demo.
Paid App
The ad and the application is totally different. This app is not helpful,💩 plus it very misleading. Please don't subscribe! No refunds, I just lost my money! 😤😡
Installed app completely inserted all required info and at the last stage it doesn't do anything just stick at (CONTINUE)
its only FREE to DOWNLOAD not FREE to USE!!!!!!!!! we need to pay if want to use it???what a service....Change it to premium category
Funny how they say we dont mean to mislead 😂😂 shut the hell up yall know what yall doin
You download the app, set goals and create your plan but then it asks you to pay £61 for the year before showing you the exercise plan for you. Won't be paying.
It is the worst app I put all of my information and still press continue and it doesn't work this app sucks
Poor
After Reading the reviews im not sure im going to use this app. Anyone that's thinking of buying this app, don't...
Money diggers app
So bad
Just remove it from the store
Not a good app
Useless app
you guys at least let us try so we know, if you just ask us to fill in the details and show us a promisingly pictures that you can be super bulk muscle dude in 4 weeks (which physically is impossible ) and just ask yo pay money is just killed things, was going to give it a try but it seems like you guys don't know how to do business and useless app.
Free trial Needed
Needs subscribe
Not beneficial for me. I email for refund. Better find reference in youtube, all free.
Why must I pay .
👎👎👎👎
Not as advertized on facebook. Only gives the option of losing weight. If youre 4'11" and try to search your size, the sizes are hilariously wrong, ie: 59'11". trash app.
I was purchasing almost.. Suddenly decided to read some comments.. Thanks for sharing the truth.. UI design looks amazing, Hope you will solve the problems soon.. GD
There is no free option, it literally asks you to purchase it from the get go. Doesnt allow you the option of trying out first. It is a gamble that you can't guarantee if it will work
I think its free.
No trial period
Not like
Worst app asking to purchase without even giving any idea about it.
I want to cancel my subscription
Paise mangte ho bahnchod
Is a survey type of app & after that need to sign packages..so dont download unless u okay to purchase their plans
Worst
Did not know I had to pay 4 it
Not friendly
Its expensive lol am just going to unistall it 😧anyways you should atleast give some free days trial 😥cant believe iv wasted my mb installing this app
Would of like to see a "free" plan or even offer 2-3weeks free to start off with. Not worth downloading.
yeah you have to pay to actually get your exercise plan :(
ITS A SCAM
Make me download it to try ... after many questions of me ... i have to pay for my program 😒 ... i delete it after 2 min. ... useless and cheating 😒
Not free
I don't want to lose weight also i don't want to pay for your app
You should tell people that they can't use the app before purchasing it. You make people waste their time and answer all the questions then you tell them that they should buy it...
Scam
It says the app is free but you have to pay monthly subscription when you complete everything. Then right at the end they want a fee. That's very deceiving. I shall be looking for another app
Like everyone says...ripoff.
Not opening. Im disappoint with this app..
I installed it but I didn't know that we had to pay so they asked me certain questions and at the end it was written payment so I uninstalled it like I hardly used this app 2 mints so will I still be charged for this
Bad
bad application
There isnt a free 7 day trial. How am o supposed to purchase something i cant try first. So, its 5 thumbs down for me! Very ghetto! Would not recommend!
It's for pay you can't even see ma exercise without pay from first minute
Isn't free, ok. You will install, you will answer the questions and then you will be directed to the payment page...
Not free, also the app kept crashing
Worst app
I downloaded this app thinking its for free but i was so disappointed after downloading it.. so annoying
Después de configurar todo te hace pagar... no se puede ni probar la app.
Can't pay when there's no trials. Highly unsatisfied.
I downloaded the app and made a 12 month payment and it never let me use the app. It kept going through the setup and they didnt refund my money. Had the app for 48 hrs and it never gave me the workout.
You need to buy the subscription before you can try it. I can't use the app
Give my money back 🥺🥺😞 I didn't used this app always but they get my full payment for whole year I thought per month only. The day I subscribed is also the day I unsubscriibe this app. 1,500 is a big amount of money... Can I get a refund pls🥺🥺🥺🥺
I downloaded it to see how it worked. But the first step to create your plan is your target weight and it doesn't goes higher that 59 kg. With my body type that is unreachable not even with all the sports or perfect diet. Uninstalling.
After my workout plan is done...it doesn't load anymore
It doesn't even let you do any exercises without paying, not even worth it as you don't know if the app is any good or not.
Expensive
Doesn't even deserve a star. I haven't even been able to use it. After purchasing am unable to proceed. Shows error. Worst app. Please never buy this one.
Downloaded this app after seeing it on social media. I popped all my details in (height, weight, target weight etc..) but before anything, it asked me to subscribe... either monthly, or yearly payment. I couldn't even see any samples of exercises. Please, as a suggestion, perhaps offer a trial period? Sorry, but I've uninstalled the app.
they ask for money from start, i would like first to see. i chose to lose 18 kg, and they write in 4 weeks.. then ask for one week or per year to pay.... really sorry. are many apps the same and almost for free
Worst app. Scam
The app just kinda sucks. It's really basic. It's very limited. There are better apps out there that are free.
This app is probably a scam. Hardly anything works despite paying for it. All they will say is that they thank you the feedback and refuse to entertain all requests for refunds. Download at your own risk.
Very misleading, false advertising
Well, I was not even able to fill out the questionnaire properly. Please understand, not everyone needs to loose weight. In my case, I need to gain it and the app did not provide me the option to even input that right. So , no I am not pleased with this app at all.
Why should i pay at the first without knowing its worth
I'm sorry but I'm not going to commit a purchase before I can see how the app works. If you're willing to give a free trial for a month or two, then I can see how the app works and I might consider a purchase after
I will not pay for something like this.
All paid, pay 1000 bucks without knowing what I will get back ?? What a joke, what if u guys share a joke book to me ??? Uninstalled in 2 mins
The app is misleading. I would like a refund, how can i get one?
This app looks good unfortunately its free to download bit you have to pay for the service! A bit of a con if I'm honest!
not free
I deleted an unsubscribed to this app and they still took $23.31 from me so im still trying to figure out how to get it back😞😞😞
You ask a lot of questions just for you to ask me to pay at the end, this a stupid app. Am not paying anything. I just hope you didn't take my information.
FIX PAYMENT RECOGNITION. I have subscribed to the one year plan, money has been taken from my account but I can't access the app??
App should be free
All that test only leads you to a payment page. Useless app rofl
It's a waste of your time!
Bad app
Pay
it is a very bad app first i open it and it worked then i vhoosed what i wanyed after i finish they said that i should subscribe and pay money and thry also told that u can avoid this paying to go to the google and stop it by ur account when i went to the google they said that i vould not avoid this i just wasted my time on nothing please see the proplem and fix it please
No trial period, no preview plan, no basic feature, the only thing this app want is your money right away.. come on dude!
I cant do anything... Even if i delete this app it still takes my money... Anyone now how to loh out of it???
You have to give an opportunity to try... Even gym is giving one trial I am not talking for the rest of apps...
Directly asks for 1 year subscription which seems meaningless untill and unless I see how this works out...Maybe the subscription amount can be restricted to the workout plan designed at the beginning.
Absolutely bad app, it should be purchase not free
BE AWARE! If you pay you have no chance for a refund ! I installed this app starting from an ad on another app, they were advertising the feature to select specific workouts for each muscles group. In order to check the feature you are forced to pay the subscription, so did I in complete good faith. After having paid the subscription I realized that the feature was not available, but you can have only a 30 days of predefined plan that you cannot personalize at all. The support was vague, and told me that I could not have any refund ("developers are obliged to issue refunds only if it is clearly stated in the developer's policy") and that part of the missing features are under development. I thought situations like this were not existing anymore :( and I did not check the reviews first. This has to be reported to Google as many time as possible!
Very bad app ..only collect money from people...
Good faith application / application developer should NOT ATTRACT COST FIRST. They should open up the best concept first and then ask for payment.
Worst ever
Misleading!
Not free, and hides this feature by the end step. So how can you trust such an app? The only goal is to charge. They would do everything and they would say everything.
Baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad
It'd be great to know that this app isn't free technically before you install it
This app is terrible. I made the mistake of buying into this before checking it out and I cant get a refund. There is no support for the exercises and the menu options have no proteins at all so unless you are a vegetarian this is terrible. I had my data exported to me and it all says "none" even though I entered all my info. Do not waste your time or money on this garbage. Im out $30 and learned a valuable lessen to learn more before investing. This app doesn't even deserve 1 star!!!
Why i have to pay?
Half of the workouts don't open. Please don't pay for this app. And once you ask for refund they slam you with the legality which you sign while purchasing the app.
In app purchases from $4.69 to $214.99 ($214.99 Wth) only a 🤡 would pay so much for info that can be found free online. If this app had 1x cost of $30 for everything, sure get it, (No hassle of doing your own research) Single Routine .. Requires x amount, pay monthly or all at once. After reaching said goal, you will need to pay more for another routine. Do your own research and get results *always worked for me! This app is a never ending cycle of extortion.
This app sucks
I just deleted the app haven't even used it but money has already been deducted.. I'm trying to unsubscribe but it doesn't give me that option can someone help please.. I need a refund thank you..
On first opening the app, I'm already annoyed at the sexist options - no muscle gaining if you are female!
Bait and switch app
I need you to refund my card back I this app didnt work and I accidentally paid for it. I have unsubscribed from this app and I've been trying since april to contact you for a refund for $69.99 amount. Please. Can you sort this out please asap
Worst...third class app....no one should use this app...even it doesn't deserve 1 star
Nu puteau să spună de la început că e cu bani, am stat sa completez toate răspunsurile că sa îmi zică la sfârșit că trebuie să plătesc
The pic on the add is misleading. From the picture I thought I could click on a body part and it would give me a work out. Also the plan they did give me only had pictures of what I should be doing, I would like a video or sorry demonstration
Misleading, isn't a free app
Inclusiveness. There are people bigger than what they put. The weight limit shouldn't be there.
Misleading ads
😑
Its fake. Only 4 money
Not good app
I thought it's free
Dont take my money I'm letting paypal know. I paid and app dont take me futher,I thought I did something wrong so I tried again payment 2and time successfully and still app dont work. DONT TAKE MY MONEY!!!!!
Unprofessional, trade app. Never seen before a paied service without free trials, why should i subscribe and pay for what i didn't use before, i can't relate !
Worst and time wasting pathetic Come here via Instagram
poor get to start (restore purchase) !! waste to download
Download it then uninstall it as the charges for this app is very expensive I have many apps on my phone what are free Anybody can do squats for free and other exercises you have on your app no need to charge this much just for a simple app
Not free even for try
There is no trial version. useless for me.
Fiilled in all the details then went on to make payment which I think is really not rite just need workouts theres no need to pay as I will be doing them in my own home.
I took subscription, but im am unable to log in
Liar, this is not free.waste of time
Why is the app asking to purchase even without seeing what's there in the plan. It's weird to even think anyone would want to buy subscription reading "Your 4 week plan is ready". Give them a chance to try out the app at least.
Asks for money to use it.
For example my plan was finished By 4 weeks then what happen next automatically stop? Or it auto charge to my account without permission?
This app isn't free. The annual subscription is also costly and unreliable.
Not willing to pay
No free trial when it says free trial you have to pay upfront dumb app
There's no available for us free users.
Let us what you got first!
Horrible customer service. I tried to cancel and get a refund in less than 24 hours and neither Google or Fitcoach will help me or respond. I've sent 3 emails with no response other than an automated one. Do not subscribe. Waste of time and money. Response to editor!!! Those instructions tell me to go through Google, which they will not refund and tell me to contact the developer, when I do, the developer tells me to contact Google play. It's a hamster wheel and is not helpful.
I downloaded the app via Instagram ads and it said that the app was free. I filled out the test and it said that I had to pay for premium if I wanted to use the app. I just want to lose some weight as I am an abnormally overweight teen (13yrs) and I want to be normal. Please make this app free.
Bad app only earn money
Disgusting how you charge people to use this app when they could actually go to the gym and get a better outcome. I won't be using this app I'm unstalling it.
You go through the set up and tells you your plan is ready but you don't even get a sample to see how you'd go?! Straight to the "sign up" few bit. A sample for a few days would at least hello me decide whether I would sick or not but to go straight for the hhippocket with NO trial or sample days .... I really don't like that. Uninstalling.
Dont waste your money......
Useless app
Y do u say free and then want to ask money.. Very sad.. Dont fool people
It takes you through a tutorial just so you can pay
Totally need payment. Not free at all. So I uninstall the apps
Wasnt good at all and took all the money at once I would like a refund but cant find how not what I wanted
To expensive
I hate just the paying part
It didn't allow to put my height in inches... it doesn't go down to 5'
Ask money first .... No free trial.... Go on ur risk .... One star ....
worst!!
I thought this was going to be a free workout app, but no you have to pay to get your plan and start the workouts. You might as well just purchace the app instead of pay monthly or weekly.
Free my ass more like waste of time.
No trial , after you waste your time setting up, there comes the suscription plans totally a waste of time it should be a no star at all .
Great apps but not free apps, it's should free for beginners.
Felt like a bait and switch. Had me enter a bunch of information only to force a purchase before it provided any useful information. If the developer wants to charge, they should make the purchase visible and honest in the play store instead of wasting my time with downloading and signing up and entering a bunch of personal information before demanding money.
It is not free do not be fooled .
Tiring but I enjoy maybe this is my first time doing
Disappoint
I saw this advertised on several social media platforms so I figured I'd try it but before it even gives you a taste of how the app works it wants you to pay. Its aggravating that an app would be "free" but once you download you have to pay for it.... atheist give us a free trial.
Boo!! its not use at all
You have pay and store credit card.
Cashgrab!
We have to paid.. So i uninstall it.
Scam
👎👎👎
payment need
Installed it but no free trial or anything directly telling to take 1 year subscription .......not useful
Thought the app was great setting it up.... It did a deal for £2 for the month and tricked me on paying £30! If I knew it was that amount I wouldn't!! Rediculous! I got no refund either! I only had it for a couple of hours!
They charge mate.. idk.. everybody is living for money I guess.. no one cares .. very less motivating
Worst copy app
You need to pay to use it. It is a waste of time then. So far i was impressed with al the questions, till i needed to pay.
Lying this not free app it cost you
Fill in the Forms and straight to the PayZone...not even a 1 day trail to see if the program suits Deleted.Disgusted.Disappointed
Worst app I ever bought, that is why it has no free trial, no one would buy it afterwards. The exercises are amateur level. Don't buy it.
Not a free app.
The ad kept popping up and decided to download the app thinking it was free. After inputting everything then later required to pay to get the plan. Should also advertise that the app is not free!
Totally paid dont download
Trap ; no trial period how would i know the effectiveness of your app?
Came here via Instagram. That tells me everything I need to know. Every response to a critical rating is saying that you can't offer an "absolutely free" app. NO ONE is asking for a free app, but a trial period. So this is definitely suspish. Give a trial and you may increase your revenue stream and have plenty of money to improve your app, which is lacking. But it seems you're trying to cash in as much and quickly as possible. You should be ashamed, but I'm sure you're not.
Expensive, many othere free apps available
i cant log in
You can't work out at home without paying. It looked like a great app but why do you have to pay to get your body in shape. I don't understand,
Rip off app, leads you to believe you can start a plan to exercise and then they force you to pay monthly to use it. NO UPFRONT PRICING.
At all is not good, you need to pay , even you cannot to see what is represent this app
You have to pay to get everything after they make you do a long survey.
Buy$!!!!! Nou
Seems great app, but need to try it before we could say a effective app or worth the price for. Unfortunately there is no free trial access to test it and leaving you uncertain if it is cost effective or waste of money app. Hope they could provide free week or 2 access and I would gladly return an honest review.
You fill out your body type and then boom it wants money straight away if rather pay to go to the gym honestly
I didnt trust a health & fitness app which had "other gender" as an option.
This is paid app m not happy..
Not useful
Took money but cant use app.
It seemed great at first whilst I was putting in all my details and it created a plan telling me it would take 4 weeks, when you try to access it to see what you need to do in 4 weeks to get there, you have to pay so you don't get anything really other than a potential time span, plus at the top of this page it had a disclaimer saying results are not typical!!
NOT FREE
Waste of money .. much better to watch youtube tutorials for workout than follow the animations in this app ... hsssst!
States it free but after completing the initial sign up they ask you for payment/subscription. False advertising 😑
Not worth it
Useless there is not any Free demo. All plans are paid.
At least you can make a free version for people who can't pay. Not everyone in the world is in the same situation. Very bad.
Avoid dont waste your money does nothing free apps don't do
I downloaded it scammed into thinking there would be a free trial but there isn't. Goodbye..
In an purchase
A free trial period is required
I wish there was a trial and you didnt have to pay to even get on the app. I have a really similar app that is free and has the same stuff pretty much. So I am just gonna go with that app. If this one was free I would definitely choose it.
I didn't know you had to pay
I saw an ad for this app on pinterest, so i thought "why not?" I downloaded it and put information about my body type and goal and things like that with no problem. When it created a fitness plan for me i had to pay for the entire thing. I was not aware of this before i downloaded it. So ⚠warning: this is not actually free⚠
Why would you wanna pay to get help track your workouts and theres no way around it. Its useless
Always asking money
Bad
I would not recommend this app at all. Firstly, it is misleading. There is no aspect of this app that is free. I read their response on another review, but don't defend charges when you falsely advertise free content. Secondly, you don't read your reviews to understand and improve. You read them, if at all, to respond = extremely poor customer service. Thirdly, so many poor reviews plus no free trial meant I backtracked on my initial intent to purchase.
Nope dont dowld , it just waste your time
It would we great if it was free
The all looks great but it's not free and you must pay for actual routines etc it will just ask you for height and weight and then to get a plan you have to pay, waisted my time.
Yes the app is free to download but u have to pay to do anything!
Chatted
It's not a free app. We want a free, everyone like free.
It should be in free mood..but its not.. 😖 😠😡
This is fake stuff
They are trying to steal your money
Totally fake app...never install...this app. Just want money....and it will not work...totally disappointment
Samsung galaxy s9+ The app doesn't work. When the plan is about to complete it gets a notification saying that "something went wrong", tried several times but the result is same.
Just a business! Ektum!!!
My plan was gain muscle, but app still shows plan for loss weight.....need an improvement
It wont let me track the water tab, I push it and nothing and when I finished the routines for the day, it doesnt mark it complete. Theres no button for me to push complete either so Im still stuck on day 1
No trail experience
I had topa have for my weightloss.
Totally useless app. Just fake and fatigious content is here.
Wants you to buy before any description is provided.
I didn't like this app, can I get a refund?
I dont get how you can charge £20+ a month
I already uninstall this app. Why now i get a notification for payment? Please give my money back!
It takes money and i donot have money i donot like this app atall not even 1 star
Waste of time to install. You wont get a trial without purchasing the all.
I had taken one month subscription of FITCOACH.  The subscription ends on 23 August and while I have canceled it on 22 August ( one day prior). So technically you should be renewing my subscription and charging me for it on 23 August if I hadn't cancelled. While you have charged me one day prior.  How could you deduct the amount from my account one day prior. Nor are these guys ready to accept their fault or refund the amount. FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD FRAUD.
Asking too much money
This app doesn't work, very disappointed
Seems if you are female.. muscle gain is not an option. I had to say I was Male in order to get a muscle gain program
Nothing Free,no trials,all paid services
One should be able to try out or see the product before buying or paying. This app doesn't have any of it. So, i don't know what the app is like.
It's NOT a free app, no matter what their advertising says. Not even a trial. Don't waste your time downloading unless you are willing to pay right off the bat.
I downloaded this application but didn't want to pay the one year subscription my internet was cut off for a few days and so I couldn't get into my subscriptions to cancel it,my brother also used my bank to transfer money and it took his money to pay for the subscription now I can't get it back, please help :(
Not free app wants you to pay a monthly subscription for it
Why do you force us to buy it first without letting us see what's our plan!! That's terrible.. it doesn't work that way....
It has nothing free
Thought that it would be free with an upgrade to a premium membership and that there was the option to be free or paid, but no. I wasted my time filling in my information for this site for it to make me pay. Clearly they just want to profit off people insecurities and weight loss. How disgusting hate companies like this! I would give 0 stars if that was possible absolutely appalled!
Crappy app
Total rubbish and not worth your time or money.
You are lying we have to pay to the app we thought it was for free
fuc*ing idiot app.. just want to make money and fool us
Worst app it's all about money 💰
Seriously! If people could pay that much money they wouldn't give it for an app it's more expensive than going to the gym lol
Aftr giving ypur detaips it starts askimg payment not evn does it give u a demo
Pay right away? There should be a free trial to see if one would like it or not. Uninstalled
Trying to apply code , after applying code discount is applied but final amount remaining unchanged.
Filled out my details. The app then gave a 4 week timeline for me to lose 50kgs of weight. With a little disclaimer on the image saying "not typical result". That was enough to put me of. I'll stick to my fitbit!
Costs money and the height settings are not correct.
Work only if you pay for subscription
Not a free App. It will ask for lots of information and then they ask for purchase. If they were transparent they'd ask from the beginning without asking to complete over 5 questions. There's not even a quick version to try it without paying first. Don't waste your time!
It bugged after it has checking my personal plan
This all seems good, I was excited to download however it is just for taking money, nothing free, I can train myself it's not really something extraordinary, it should be free or at least let people try it first, this app is not useful it's just for paying money.
Free app. However to get anywork out have to pay a monthly subscription. 12$ for one month.
This app doesn't even open after asking for my information. I am not pleased
I don't recommend this app for anyone. It is horrible 😡
I thought it was free exercise but ....
خرا
Not free
You need to pay for the app, it doesnt tell tou this before you install
It does not work on my phone. I interned my personal information, but the app didnot go to upper level.
This is paid app but in Instagram they don't mention regarding this payment
Waste of time
Seriously? If I have to Pay I would rather pay a Professional Trainer nd Join a Gym for less than that kinda money .. Wish I could give you no star or just a negative rating. If I could I would ..
Please don't waste your time
I don't like this app it makes you pay alot and I would like my money back
disaapointed and mislead. this app is advertised on social media and here as a no-purchase app, yet after going through the time to make an account, its asking me for money. 🤦‍♂️ don't waste your time if you're looking for something free.
It's a fully purchased plan app... Nothing for a freebies...
Atleast there should be TRIAL-APP period, first before purchasing it, because one doesn't have ANY IDEA HOW THE APP IS ! You just start selecting everything, and just after planning the right plan for you, it asks for PURCHASE. come on, it least a look of the app first man!
Azin payment
fail
Very clever - if anyone wanted a screen shot of your ad, it goes back to the beginning of it. 👍 I only downloaded to write a review. $22 a month if I did?! PASS!
Do not download this app it justs asks for u to pay such a waste
I spent all that time planning my personal workout just to find out i had to pay for it
It does not have an option of weight gain, only for weight loss and it's a paying app
Very misleading. Absolutely nothing free about this app. Not even a trial or preview of the exercise.
waste
Without Result How can I trust you. Atleast 1 Week Demo time if Client Seen Results so Pay
Don't waste my time w questions amd then want my credit card
Subscription required - this isn't an app per se, it's a subscription to a fitness service. If it said "$75/yr membership" I wouldnt have downloaded it.
I want to unsubscribe but i can not find the menu
What they advertised is not what uou get.
Shawu app punknde app nalle mea illa dont download it if u want you should pay 300/month
Advertisements as soon as opened
Need to pay Inorder to continue the app?
Even before the app shows you what's inside and how it works, it asked to buy subscription. There are plenty of free apps like these. Why would any pay forbit even without checking out what's different? Uninstalled it already.
Very.bad app
Totally waste of time
Very bad. No results achived
I paid twice (which I'm not happy about). The first time I paid, I paid £32 something and it was for the whole year (from June 12th 2020-june 12th 2021), however, when I downloaded the app again, I was charged yet again. Granted it was only £9 something but I shouldn't have had to pay until the 12th of June 2021. I'd like this money back 😡
Awful app. Says it's free but it's not. Can't give less than one star but 0/100. WOULD NOT RECOMEND!!! DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME!!!!!!!
I did everything in the beginning and as soon as I was ready to see my fitness plan it gave me option for a month to year membership. This app is a scam if you have to pay to make urself happy, as a young girl I have to be skinny or I have no friends so this app is no help what so ever.
I gave one only because 0 wasnt available, Ridiculously expensive I do not recommend this you'll regret if you do.
Very little info provided, no examples of workouts available and a free trial to see if its worth the price.you just have to pay once you download and then will be given your workouts to lose weight etc.no guarantee it will work or youll be satisfied. Bit like a blind date. Lame. Would not recommend
I was about to use this app, but I just read the reviews. Phew, lucky escape. 🏃🏾‍♂️
Good
Fool 😑
Deceitful Not a free app
im uninstalling this app..i dont like it..worst app
This app doesn't deserve a star. Here's why: - The app is a subscription ($21.99+ a month) -None of the videos play -No food plans Lame! Canceling trial and uninstalling. 😝👎👎👎👎👎
Don't install...it asks for payment in order to take the fit schedule.
Money heisting app waste of downloding data
No assistance once u made payment nobody to help if u have an issue with the app, changed my device and it can't find my account already went through the forgot my pswrod and account recovery so it's not working and ad payed a 1 year premium account!!
Do not download this app. They are just there to take your money. I didn't complete or authorize any purchase, but they still took my money.
U gotta pay for it
Paid app
Waste of money! You literally are just animated workouts on a calendar. No tracking no meal plans nothing to actually help. You can get more out of the free apps which I HIGHLY recommend you do.
bad program, take your data then its paid , not good way for dealing with poeple
So bad after taking all your details they ask you for payment there is no trail . Dont install this app waste time only
Do not download this. You need to pay first.
Worst app ever installed. Do not install.
Worst app After subscribing, it doesnt give a personalized workout plan or diet. It jusylt consists general body exercises and meal plans. Canceled the subscription. Wasted money for an year now.
When I tried to put my real height it doesn't let go down more then 15 feet
Bad app
Bukan aplikasi yang gratis
Fake app, purchase only
This app is garbage and i want my purchase refunded
Apps requires payment
Free nhi h plan khridna pdega dont like
No free trial.. really expensive!!!
Good thing I've read the reviews first prior of purchasing anything. Also it would have been great if there was a free trial for a week or so. It would somehow push us to purchase and not asking us to purchase before even getting started. Paying 550 for monthly subscription just to try and know if it's worth it or not is a total waste.
It needs money and I'm poor
It's not free
Not working
I bought this app on May 27th at 11:04pm. Canceled my subscription on the same day at 11:09pm and still got charged. Still waiting for a full refund of $32.95.
With that many people complaining about their customer service and no response definitely not a good reputation. Definitely not falling into their trap.
Better free apps out there. Wish I hasn't paid the £32 fee!
i cannot start it. it gets stuck after i enter all the information. the screen get stucks at get unlimited access...
I have downloaded it and now I uninstalled it.. You should give us 7-day free trial before buying a product that I don't trust. You should also mention that you need to pay a lot of money to use it. It is ridiculous!! In addition, it is so so expensive. It doesn't deserve even one star.
Only paid service
They take all your i formation and then you can not use the app at least you pay
Looks great but plz plz plz remove this step of giving money first i install and saw i have to give money unfornately i unstall this app bcoz for giving money and i can't give money
There are people who want to gain weight or just stay fit. They neither want to lose weight nor gain
App free but service needs to be paid
In app purchases !!! You actually have to purchase a plan from the start. Uninstalled
You'll need to pay in the beginning. When you'll have finished to register your data
Garbage app
잘못눌러서 결제되었습니다 결제 완료전 어플도 꺼보고 여러방법을 썼는데 안됐어요ㅠㅠ 환불해주세요 제발ㅠㅠㅠ
No heads up of any kind on it costing money. Would have loved to try it out, however, there are other free apps out there.
I've purchased the app today and it's not working. Please refund my money.
Unless I'm talking to an actual trainer in app I'm not paying that much for an app.
pathetic ppl
At least give a 15 days trial
Rubbish
Very bad
Why does it doesn't says that is for paying?
Takes all your physical information then forces you to subscribe right away. You can find free information and apps elsewhere.
No sample of plan
I thought this app was going to give free exercise advice but after you waste your time taking the quiz it makes you pay for your workouts.
I downloaded this app after seeing an add that said it was free, but after setting up all my details the app said that i had to pay, i got this app to get more workout activities at home, i don't wanna sound cheap or "everything should be free" but it would help to say something about money before adding all my details and stuff or say say it in the add
Should say that the app is not free
This app made to make money don't download it and weast you data
Let us test it, then make it paid !
Bad one its not free
Not for free
App start with taking your information and hit you instantly with payment plan without any trial period. I uninstalled it immediately.
Good morning you have deducted some amount of money from my wallet which i didn't request for anything please resend my cash
From all the reviews I've read I'm not even going to bother paying for it what a load of rubbish I'll find something that has a 1 day free trial or something with a 7 day free trial
Dissapointed that after filling everything out you get to the end and the 1st thing that comes up is payment plans. I won't be paying for something that I can't at least preview 1st. That's like paying for a food shop before entering the store and then realising they don't have anything on your list so you end up with no food and no money! At least show what the app is providing to at least entice people to want to buy your product.
Fake ad
IT'S NOT A GOOD APP I WASN'T INFORMED YOU NEED TO BUY IT LOL , WASTE OF TIME
NOT FREEEE
I think you should let one have the 7days free trial first then we can decide if it was helpful and still want to go ahead with it. I cant pay for sth that i dont know what it offers
Worst app. This app doesnt even asks for OTP for payment. It will directly link to your google pay account and get transaction done. Frauds.
"free" until you fill in your age, weight, and other information. Then it tells you that in order to get your fitness plan you're gonna have to cough up 12 euros *a week* !!! False advertising if I've ever seen it.
good
this app won't even let you see anything about your fitness without paying
It cost lots of money for beginners also and UPI payments are not available it's really waste of time.
They wasted my time in making my profile. And then asking for payment. What a shame. Should have told in advance.
Too deceitful. The app prompts you with all the right questions and just when it all is about to be done, you're asked to Pay to proceed. No trials, no nothing. A complete waste of time unless you're willing to pay.
When I saw "results not typical" just before subscribing I decided to read the reviews and I'm glad I did because it seems like I would have just wasted money on this app. Thank you to everyone who take time to write reviews. It saves the rest of us the hassles.
Rather pay for a real trainer
It took my money and I still cant use this app. I cant get into it. It lags. And I cant see anything pass opening it up. Theres no option for a refund either. I want my money back!! I've been RIPPED off
This app is not free ....lies
Its now working fake app
Barley used it and has taken payment. I cancelled my subscription straight away as I made a mistake, they have still taken my money.
Need purchase.. 👎
Garbage app run by probably even more garbage people. From manipulative and deceiving advertising to suprise paywalls there was not one positive aspect ,pretty much just a survey
It expects you to pay for a plan AFTER it makes you answer questions about yourself. Can't use unless you pay. Annoying!
You can't try for month for free, i feel they are scammers
Impracticle workout app. No matter how much weight you are trying to lose (if that is your goal) they give everyone a 4 week timeline, whether you want to lose 5 lbs or 50 lbs, their time frames and cost are absurd for what it's worth.
After reading the review, I uninstall it right away. Have a very bad review.
Only paid
You have to pay to have any access in the program!!!
Suck
Literally when you open the app for the first time you fill out your information about your body type and what your trying to get to and then boom. The app hits you with the purchase screen before letting you look at what the app offers. At least let us see what we would be purchasing or give like a 7 day free trial to see if this is the app for them. 😕
Tricked you into buying the plan, no free trial / cancellation period.
thought I'd give the app a try and found out I have to pay for it :-\ not even a free trial
How can we purchase something that we have experience yet at least let us try fee and then we can purchase and write good review.
Honestly, I wouldn't bother. It's far from being an affordable app for fitness. They say it's not possible to give the information away for free, but you can just Google it yourself. There are other fitness apps you can get for free which offer you workout routines and affordable monthly or one off payments for more information. If you don't want to take my word for it and want to try it yourself, if you find you don't like it and have wasted your money, don't count on being able to get a refund
Its terrible app waste of time and its not for free
Worst, PATHETIC app. Just go for some gym subscription or youtube channels is you are serious about your health.
Waste of time u have to buy
Why should i pay for something before knowing if it is useful or not.. Such a rip off!
You have to pay for the app once you enter your details so basically this app isn't free
Taking info then saying payable is it a joke or what !
You can't even try the app before having to pay. That's so sketchy! Nope! I'm NOT paying for something when I don't even know what I'm getting! You have to be joking!
It can't accept payment.....it's telling me that m-pesa Express is unavailable?
This apps not free. Im not support tq
tidak ada trial, belum mulai sudah harus bayar
Worst app
Wants money!!
Won't let me get passed get stared.
The maximum goal weight is 59.9 kg. This how eating disorders and body image issues start. Utterly thoughtless and plain dangerous especially for underage users.
After all the questions like "how tall are you, how much do you weigh, how old are you" It's makes you pay money which I don't want to do so :(
I subscribed..but i can't use it ..after paying it doesn't give me the permission to go on..how do i unsubscribe ..its not appearing on my subscription page.
Useless
You guys should say in the ad that we have to buy it! Don't mislead people.
I was going to get this. Then I read the reviews. Oops. 👎
Not good
It is not free
It doesnt work
I was happy to find an app that personalizes my workouts but obviously I cant use anything on it without paying. Not even a free trial. Deleted right away.
Not available for free.
Zero 👎
It's alr but u have to pay a LOT money 🙄👋 deleted it right away.
Bad
This app is not helpful at all.
You have to pay to use anything
RIP off
Downloaded it, and what rubbish. The workout is a joke. I paid 11euro and won't be using it at all. subscription cancelled automatically.
What the heck after opening the app suddenly ask for purchasing I dont even know what is in the app atleast give the person a month to experience it
It doesnt work
I would advance u to remove the settings ur have now since they sim more trapping some1 in to using the app than making some1 willing to ur it. Or u should have stated that it's for payment so that some1 does not hv to quit after downloading the app and putting simple terms for some1 to quit to. Coz some would like to use it some other time though it's for payment but not at the moment but when trapped by keep a graig. And never to consider it again. I believe that ull gain more customers
I uninstalled this app before even getting through the profile setup. Are you kidding me? The choices of "fit" "athetic" and "curvy" are a joke. Maybe give your heads a shake to see if you rustle up two brain cells to rub together.
I'm keen to pay for it but I need to know why this is different from the other apps. This app doesn't show anything about the app interface.
I have to pay :(
Wanted to gain weight with sport and feed..... impossible with this app. Objectives are absolutely a lower weight than currently.
Asks all the details n then makes you pay. What's the point of this app? You can google these exercises
Not free
It doesnt work. Dont waste your time
Pictures and description was not what was received. Paid and it wasn't worth the money. Stuck with it for a year with no way to get refunded. Don't waste your money on this app.
It's just feel something is wrong Without any try we shoud't try this
It is fully paid don't buy until you are sure for giving...
App deleted. Misleading. Why should I pay before even using App 🤷🏽‍♀️
I pay for the s***🤮🤮🤮
Asks to pay after installing. No trial...
Beware! Its all paid app.. There is not any trailing offer or free offer
fit coach
U have to pay
Don't even bother with this app. Their is no free Trial.
Why there is no app for free?????
Why should I pay at the very beginning without knowing that this app is actually good or not? At least a couple of weeks access should be there as a trial then there should be subscription.
Downloaded this because it said in-app purchases so I thought I would get a sample of the program before buying anything. NOT the case. Also, when you put in your information it has the setting so that I had to put that I'm 70 ft tall! (instead of inches) That little oversight made me sure I didn't want to give them money.
This app is a total scam. I downloaded this app after seeing it advertised daily meal plan options to go with your workouts. That is not the case and it only offers recipes for vegetarian or vegan options only, no meat. I used the app twice only to have it malfunction and quit loading me new workouts. When I contacted them for assistance I received brush off we will look into it messages. Refused to refund my money since it's is clearly defective. Google play also won't refund money for it.
This ia a scam, you make someone join without knowledge, then demand to deduct charges from them with out their will
Dont install! I cancelled my subscription in free period and they charged me anyway. I want my refund!
Nothing for free....
Worst
Bakwas, paise dene ho toh app thodi download krenge
Baddest app in world
The fee payment says it will be auto deducted. It is in fine print and some may miss reading it, only realizing later about the money being debited. Not good. Why would u want to do that?
Not at all what i expected The work outs were good. But i just spent 30 quid on what i thought would help.me lose weight. It doesnt keep a record of what i have done or anything. Comes up with meal ideas but they are all vegetarian. Not ideal for a family who like to eat some meat once in a while.
Worst app ever. It just loots the users by showing useful exercise images on Instagram ads. The ads are nowhere related to the actual app. I would have given this app 0 stars if it was possible.
I have to pay!!!! I can't even afford gym what else paying your application...
What a pathetic application. After entering all inputs it says custom plan is ready an then bingooooo. It diplays page to purchase the subscription. Seriously? You have never heard of a trial period, of a week or so. Directly i should pay? Why? Why should i trust you? Re-think on your stategy. Gaining customer's trust is not a cake walk.
🖕🏿
They expect to pay first without letting what they can do. Waste of time.
Unauthorized charges and subscriptions
Was absolutely not what I expected seemed presentable before it asked for purchase but I wouldn't recommend it
No use of installing it. They only are chargeble. They don't go ahead without making payments lol
Wishes to you find people who gonna pay for it. Hehe, recomendation for app.
Have to pay and does what other free apps tell you do to. YouTube does a better job at showing you videos
scam
It is so expensive dont go with fitcoach app
Asal kene bayar ek
I cancel my subscription and I still got charged, how do I ask for a refund?
Asks you your personal information and stats and then proceeds to ask you for money. Doesn't show you what you are buying. Very bad. Also it's only for losing weight. Stupid.
Would give zero or negative rating if at all possible. This is a paid app but I'm not gettinf my money's worth. I love it when it works but most of the time it doesn't. It won't connect 8 times out of 10 whether via wifi or mobile data, the workouts DON'T load. I won't be renewing next month!
Do not install. It is not free of charge.
Really disappointed that the app is marketed as a free app when you can't even get past the registration without paying. Offer a free 7 day trial, or just straight up say there is a fee for using the app. Don't market it as a free app.
Missleading this app doesn't have single free feature
Cannot test the app or even use it without paying first. No free trial. I ain't paying for something that shows no results.
Ad claimed it was free and I can tell you now, that is a lie
Pay before you try, screw this app. Uninstalled immediately
Costs
We need to pay
Let me know first that all plans are paid Time wasting app
Not free and targeted for people who want to lose weight
Would have to pay before even seeing what excercises come up. Only option is to loose weight but I want to gain muscle not loose weight.
App is free to download. One thinks they have access until to you get past the 'details' section, then before you can get your plan... they ask for money. Clever way to hook people in. I simply deleted the app. Very unfortunate.
Useless to install. There are not include at least 1 week trail period. It should pay before you start and before that they collect all detail about you. So if you check this app, after install and go to app settings and give no internet acceas and then try the app. But you have to pay before using it.
Paisa bohot hai yaar
Uhm in their ad they showed you can choose the option to gain weight. When I used them, they only asked me how much weight I wanna lose. They don't do what their ads say.
So im supposed to pay before I even see what's being offered? Scam. Do not download. I repeat, do not download
Stupid thing
The application does not even start.
Pay before use? This is bad.
Not worth it, you can't unsubscribe
come after seeing ad on insta. atleast u guys should give trial period so thst we can knw this is good or not. but u are in hurry to make money.
This app is so horrible. Why it isn't free? I mean, I can pay, but others? It's very expensive in my country.
If I was you stop the purchase of the app. Give some of it for free that is useful. And you can always make a extended version and that people would pay for if the wanted the extended version. Listen to the people. But I would not purchase the app for this reason.
No free trails. Didnt give a chance to check the kind of workout in the plan. First it it taking to the payments
Una porquería resulta que se debe pagar y toda la cosa, mejor pongan la app defrente para que sea de paga y no hagan perder tiempo
Expensive as hell
I downloaded the application and paid the 1 year subscription but I'm so disappointed. The given exercise is not opening... it took around 15 minutes for some and some are not opening at all. I feel that i just wasted my money and time. Please fix this ASAP
Payant directly
No can't need this type of apps like paid if u need to do that much workout there are so many apps in play store like 4.9 stars u can go for that thank you for ur great time
They fool Us , its not free
Not free at all , don't download it
No good at all this app want to subscribe first before I can use it and the charges are very high
No. Just no. I'm not going to try your app if you have to make a subscription for a free 7 day trial. These type of apps just need to stop honestly. Either your free or your not. Dont waste my time downloading to find out.
Don't install unless you willing to pay. No trials.
Dont download 😡😡😡
I have finished putting in my information yet I'm not able to start the work out!! Keeps on pressing continue but, it's not opening!!
I can't give even a star, I thought it's free apps, have to purchase for 1 yr,
so i should buy it first before knowing what's in it?
Haven't been able to use the app. After Google Direct Service OVA (Google) deducted an amount from my account for 1 year subscription i havent still been given access. Why?
Bad
Billing issues
Upsetting, they make it seem like it will be free, but its not. Dont fall for it.
I thought this is free. You should say at beginning that we have to pay and not after we lose 10 minutes answering the questions 🙄
Stupid app
Sadly, you cannot do any of the exercises without paying, there isn't even a free trail, so if you won't like the app your money will be lost.
Pathetic... only for advertising they say its free.. but do not display a sinfle exercise without payment.. Don't waste your precious time n data on download... 👎👎👎
I paid up my subscription and it does not give you log in credentials after the fact and it states that you to open app to confirm subscription but there is no link to open app after paying your hard earned money....would not recommend it , stay away find a better alternative
Didn't work so I request a refund ASAP and it been redirected, the alarm bells kicked in when it didn't work. Gutted for people that were ripped off. I've learnt a big lesson from your app FitCoach, don't think it will ever happen again. I'm going make sure your app has been removed, request for removal has been sent................
This is not a free app. After a series of profiling questions it requires that you pay the fee and you don't even get a free trial. I don't have anything against paid apps if they are communicated as such. Separate question is would I buy it without trying - no.
bad experience
I don't even get a free trial . What a ridiculous app.
its not free
Do not make me spend 10 minutes filling in forms and then tell me I have to pay for the answer. Tell me upfront so I can decide how to spend my time. I hate this behaviour.
Scam, no refund possible.
After answering lots of question i They want money👏
Not free as claimed
At least give people a chance to try it before buying
It is not free
You have to pay money before seeing anything. If you search on the Internet well it's mediocre on functions but buggy as hell and there are tons of free apps offering more for free and on a "PROFESSIONAL LEVEL" if you want to gain weight and muscles it will treat you like an overweight walrus and will try to make you eat less and do more cardio 😂
Bad experience
Waste of effort to download it's not free. It is paid
Not worth downloading or anything there's alot of better and free apps
What a rip off this isnt free
Warn ppl that you must pay money before legion of questions
You have to write in the beggining it is with money
Scam app
shut up and take my money.. free app? forget it..
İts not free
This app is nothing like the app advertised.
Worst app ever it does not work at all it's so useless don't waste your mbs to download this useless thing
I can't log in after paying the fee, I have to now dispute charges with my bank..
Scam.
Every time says something went wrong.
This is exactly why I don't download everything that comes across my feed. I go straight to the reviews, and these are bad. Thanks but no thanks.
Your ad says its free😤
Application is not free liars...
Nough said... I'm willing to pay for the app. But u guys mislead customer. So I won't support this kind of business plan. So... I'm out
They take money from you without sending you an alert. Have I worked with other apps that give you at least free trial. I am going to use it since I have spent money.
Should have known they'd want money. So many workout programs online for free and you expecting people to pay for this one 👎👎
Not free
This is so bad. No room for trial unless you purchase with money. I wish I could rate you half a star. No one should download unless you the downloader are ready to purchase whatever you do.
Useless
Misleading because not free
Typical (as of late) scam app that claims to be free but just sends to you a payment page as soon as you try to use it. Do not download these scam apps.
Gender options "non-binary".... Uninstalled!
The worst fitness app ever
No room for trial unless you make a purchase.
Worst app ever, dont even lose time to install it.
The worst app i ever seen i gave my goals to this and in the end it use a lot of my internet and don't gave me my practice and nothing else the badest company just wasted my time and my internet.
Would have been nice to have a free trial period so we know if this eorks for us.
u must pay bfore u can using this apps.
Slow loading of exercises..
Subscription required 🙄🤣
I was about to download but your reviews have helped me to stop in my tracks, why not be upfront that it will cost you this much
U dont deserve even 1 star.tq
You have to pay for any actual advise, don't waste your time
Trying to get fitbit and Samsung health to talk to each other seems straightforward enough. However, no update to samsung even though that is the direction I'm going for. Help me out man!
Immediately says trial period is over and I must purchase the app its 'fake free
Constantly having errors even when following all the instructions to fix them. I would gladly pay for this app if it worked. But dont really feel like its worth the money to constantly have problems when Healthmate seems to work better
It's not free
I purchased this product by using the subscribing option.But it still keeps showing that I have the trail version and it has been expired.
This app won't allow me to sync from Google to my Fitbit.
Alerting the user that the free trial is expiring once a day, fine. Creating alerts every 30 - 60 mins, ridiculous.
It is not syncing from health to google fit anymore. I'm a paid user and apparently this is blocked by Samsung health. So you should not promote this feature while its not possible and charge users for it
12/11/17 I'm glad there is a go between for Android Wear to Samsung devices. 08/06/2 too bad app doesn't allow for syncing with Samsung any longer.
Worst
Connected to my google fit okay. But now won't let me to enable ANY of the 
options to actually sync claiming I didn't enable permissions - I'm 
switching all the toggles it gives to 'On' and clicking 'Allow' on all 
system pop ups the app opens. Can't find any other settings or options in 
the app that would give it needed access. If there's a setting I'm missing 
then, clearly, the app is lacking in UX design area...
dissent work just errors out
Stupid I have to pay for it. I just want to be able to sync my two apps 
because my workout one doesn't connect to Samsung health only Google fit. 
But Samsung health has all my food and other info on it and I just want it 
all in one place.
Not a free app you have to pay a subscription fee. Not worth it to pay for a passive service to use apps that are already free.
The Fitbit steps overwrite the Google Fit steps. Didn't have this issue two days ago. I want them to merge but this is not happening. Now all the steps I had on Google Fit are gone. It happens each time I connect my Fitbit to my phone. I've ditched HealthSync and have been using FittoFit for a while now. My steps merge flawlessly on FittoFit, unlike the HealthSync's developer telling me that's not possible. It's more reliable and feature rich. You can sync EVERYTHING from Fitbit to Google Fit.
Not free.
Doesn't say anywhere it's a paid app - that this is a trial app
After the trial it turns into a monthly fee. If it was a one time fee I'd pay it. The developer is obviously greedy and charging a monthly fee that is way more than this app is worth. Worst part is it doesn't state that anywhere before you install it! Uninstalled!
free trail did not sync my apps with samsung gear 3. will not spend money on this app.
This is bull...this app is not free, you have to purchase after trial period in order to continue sync with other fitness app
This app woke me up a 1:30AM demanding payment because the trial period ended. Then again at 2. Now that I am awake, I am uninstalling.
I have followed all the directions and nothing is working. This is really frustrating. And I paid for this.
Barely worked and they expect to charge after a trial. Not sure who they think theyre fooling.
You guys are fraud. ₹60 deducted twice in a week but still haven't got the subscription.
It no longer works and syncs with with google.
It's not a free app. A subscription is needed. So do not waste time trying to download it
UPDATE: Since the update, Health Sync no longer syncs with Garmin Connect to Samsung Health. April 2020 The only program that synced my Garmin, Google Fit, and NOOM data along with my bluetooth scale.
Need support. Can't pass by first screen trying to connect to Fitbit. It used to work before.
Not WORKING ANYMORE
Samsung health didn't revoke any 3rd party apps I just got off the phone with them and they said they haven't revoked this app or others
Always few steps behind Samsung Health even though I synced the steps.
Rubbish. No matter how many times you enable data permission it constantly essays there's an error and wine sync. Useless.
$3.49 for this? What a rort. This is an app that does one thing, links two apps together. By itself it does absolutely nothing. Might be worth $0.50 for the slight convenience it provides but no.
Swizz, the fact you need to pay is hidden in the small print, only seen this when prompted to pay. Doesn't work well enough for payment whatever that price is which isn't stated anywhere!
Health Sync is constantly asking for Days Permissions from Samsung Health in order to Sync...this is despite my posting for the app after its 7-day trial ended. I'm giving a one-star rating and keeping such until this undesirable behaviour is resolved.
Love this app!
stupid apps dont download, if not you will be frustrated
sorry not giving you access to my account
BEWARE  I got a call today from my bank that they froze my card because a Health Sync application that I 'may have downloaded'  tried to charge my card numerous times but got the cvv wrong multiple times.   This app must ask for too many permissions and they will steal your personal information. I still had 3 days left in my trial period anyways and didnt give any payment information to them.  Do not download this app. They may try to steal your financial info and leach your bank account too.
Doesn't sync Misfit. *Update: I said MISFIT, not Mi Fit.
Why do you need Samsung Health write permissions to send data from Samsung Health to Google Fit? You should only need to read the data. Concerns about data management and privacy.
Terrible since the latest update. No longer sync with any of my other compatable apps.
Sync error happens alot!
i am trying to connect samsung health to google fit. i need the steps to upload google fit for my companys step challenge but this is not syncing the apps together. it is only showing me a spinning circle
Useless. Step and calorie counts always show far less than fear watch (and 
no, I'm not talking about combined steps with Samsung health) Save your 
money
Instaling as free app, and then you get to know that it is just 7 day tryout...
Did not tell I had to pay after 8 days, luckily I uninstalled the app before the trial. Did not sync fully. Only synced one day of excercise after pressing the sync button 100 times.
A very frustrating app to use over time, I promise you it's a waste of money. Got because I have a mi band 4 and wanted to see all my data in one place on my Note 9. You need to have mi fitness app open, to sync the Google fit app and then it syncs to the s health app. Through all these apps data is either lost or never recorded if you don't open all these app every single day so you can't track your weekly or monthly progress accurately never.
Doesn't work when syncing S Health to G Fit ultimately to Vitality
Recent update appears to have broken for Samsung health to Google fit sync. Repeated permissions error.
So far I can't initialize my accounts, (Garmin to Google Fit) my google fit connection just sits there with a white box and loading circle, nothing happens. Would love to know how to fix this and actually try the app.
So I downloaded this app to sync my Samsung Health to my Google Fit so I 
could sync Google Fit to my period tracker. I didn't have a problem with 
the sync, but was under the impression this app was free from both a 
website and the app store. I was very disappointed to find out I'd have to 
pay for an app that just helps sync my data.
Doesn't actually sync anything between samsung health and Fit and never even reports a failure
sync error very usually
Wish I could get a refund, complete waste of my money, stopped working, followed the instructions it gave to fix the samsung issue it said it has which does not work. WASTE OF MONEY
but it's not free
Why should I subscribe for this? Nonsense. I will just add the stats manually. Also, it never synchronize data in the first place.
Recent update broke the app and sync permissions. DOA
I did all that the app asked. It even said the sync was ok. Then, when I went to google Fit, nothing showed up..
Worked great and them told trial ended pay up.
Will this app help if I used my Samsung Galaxy watch with fitbit app?
The concept is there but this app messed up the GPS so badly on my phone I had to factory reset it after uninstalling it.
App not working
Glitchy, won't authorize, can only synch to one app (e.g. if you want Google fit and Samsung fit synched, you can't).
So am I understanding this right. It 99 cents for 6 months use or 99 cents a month?
It does not include Huwawi health a
The app's purpose is to sync health data between apps. It not always succeeds. It was buggy, but I dealt with it until it just stopped working with the new upgrade for Samsungs health app.
All the time sync error, can sync data from Samsung health to Google fit properly, loosing abot 10-20% of my daily steps.
Subscription needed for this? Lame...
Doesn't work
not free
Doesnt tell you you have to pay to use. trial didnt even link
it doesnt sync with samsung health
As others have said, this app was syncing my steps from samsung health to google fit fine until recently. Now I keep going in the same loop with being prompted to turn data permissions on (but they are). I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling both apps, turning off permissions and turning them back on, restarting my phone, letting it sit overnight, etc but nothing has made the sync function work again. Please help!!
Paid for app and it's been working until last update 2 days ago. Now it won't sync from Samsung health to Google fit. Using gmail account and still nothing. It keeps asking for permission which has been given.
Since the last update I'm unable to resync for specific day in the past where my fitness data has not been updated into S Health. Even if I go into settings and try to sync history data, it is not working. Please bring back the option to resync specific day into the app.
Bought a lifetime subscription. App disagrees with me and now I am in unpaid mode.
Had hoped this would solve the problem of syncing from Fitbit to Google Fit. Unfortunately, the app won't finish the setup... neither signing in to my GFit account ~or~ my Fitbit account. Even uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times and reset phone multiple times *sigh*
It worked once, ever since the step count sync from Google fit to s health is out by several hundred. Glad I didn't subscribe
Don't sync between Google fit and Samsung health. Uninstalled.
Wont sync. No matter which direction or app I use. I've tried various combinations. To imagine you want people to pay after 1 week would be a very easy decision for me. NOPE!
They will not give you a refund for a product that doesn't work. This app would not sync no matter how many times I went through the troubleshooting guide. It's not worth getting for the Mobvoi TicWatch if you're trying to sync samsung health with Google fit. They will not honor a refund unless the app has a bug, which is ridiculous. I just want a refund and they are refusing, telling me it's my fault I bought it and don't want it. The support team is useless. I WANT A REFUND!
Doesnt sync anything. Dont bother reading fake reviews.
All it does is keep asking for permissions, over and over again every time I look at my phone, sometimes even when I have already approved it will keep asking again and again while I am playing a game or working on my phone, interfering with the app I am trying to use.
Does not work. Syncing issues
The app is completely useless with S Health 6.0.
Why would someone pay for this cool idea but not worth paying for plus not accurate
Stop syncing every now and again which pretty much ruins the functionality of the app.
The application is not free; it doesn't work all the time (doesn't talk with my fitness tracker and Google fit without me having to verify everything is"ok" often) - not worth the time, just stay focused on your fitness & don't let an app attempt to assist in your goals.
not free anymore. it's trial version which lets you use it for 1 week. they should mention it on the app that its pay for use and not in app purchase, thats misleading.
This application never syncs. Its wasted of money purchasing this application. Please stop buying this
Was working great! Latest update broke the connection between Samsung Health and Google Fit. Permissions screen where I'm supposed to grant permissions is blank, cannot get this to resolve. Emailed the developer, we'll see what happens next.
Does not sync between Google fit and Samsung so going to uninstall.
Does not work
Both annoying and insulting how it notifies you multiple times a day that your trial expired (which stops sync - making it junk). Didn't even sync the info I wanted from gear fit. Maybe if you instead downgraded users to a lite version (maybe like 1 sync/week) and you eventually added features I was interested in, I might have purchased but as it stands I have uninstalled and will look for other solutions.
Can not get to sync. Always getting errors
Sync is not working properly. Keeping running. Can not be stopped and not syncing the step from Fit to Samsung Health.
Now I can't sync to Samsung health after this update! I've reset both apps at least 5x and yet it refuses to accept the sync!
it does not work. when i choose my Google fit account it's stuck on the loading screen forever
Even though it says in app purchases, mine always says trial period over after one week of use asking me to pay.
No free, a 7 day demo. Also monthly payment not a one off.
So after 7 days I could no longer use it without purchasing an upgrade. Ridiculous.
Doesn't work..
Last update broke it. No longer working correctly with the Google Pixel
I might have bought it, until it decided to harass me every 15 to 20 minutes, all night at work, vibrating both my watch and my phone telling me I have 4 days and begging me to buy the app. Over and over and over, all night long. Not a good sign. So instead I'll just be uninstalling and not giving a single penny to that kind of tactic.
when I bought (few year ago) it, - already then- wad troubled app. i wonder if...( I doubt if it will work now? and with android 10?) i doubt... 😖 (more ;I've read that' Warning: Samsung announced on May 18 that after June 30, 2020, steps data can't be synced anymore to Samsung Health. No synchronization '.. what are they saying? what does it mean?
No sincroniza la información con Samsung health después de las últimas actualizaciones, incluso revisando todos los permisos. Lo peor fué que pagué por ella
Would not pay for this does not sybc steos
Always cuts off steps calories distance, very inaccurate.
After a day or so you get a message saying your trial is about to end and a paid subscription is needed.   If the App isn't free that s/b stated & payment should take place in the Play Store.  It feels like some kind of scam so I've got to let the app go even though it fundamentally did what it was supposed to do.   It was frustrating to have to sync over and  over.  I realize now that may have been contrived to make sure you got the message about the app being free for a trial period only.
It doesn't appear that this works at all with the latest version of Samsung Health(Version 6). Samsung Health won't let me give permissions for "Steps (wearable)", because it only has permissions for ALL steps. Unless this gets corrected, this will be unusable for more and more people.
With new update, cannot sync my steps from Garmin to Samsung Health. Fix it.
App works great but since last update no longer works, been using this since end of June and have no issues until now. Connects to Google fit and is meant to sync to S Health, but says "Samsung Health permission error" and to deselect and select permissions for it to work which I have done and still does not work. Partner is having the same problem and emailed through issue and was told its our fault for not "deselecting and selecting properly". How about go and fix what you broke in your update
Garbage
does not work
Not Free
Samsung Health doesn't sync. I have tried the fix, it did not work.
Finally got everything syncing but now, magically my 6hr., 13.2 mile workout is gone from my Google Fit journal for yesterday. I PURPOSELY didn't give this app permission to write exercise and steps for this very reason but I installed this and gave it permissions and the workouts for the day it was set to sync magically delete?????? This is messing with my existing data. Can't believe I lost that achievement! SIX HOURS STRAIGHT. OVER 13 MILES. GONE FROM MY RECORDS LIKE IT NEVER HAPPENED.
Pathetic app. Gives errors when trying select any sync option. Could not get it to work at all. Just wasted 5 minutes of my life on this junk. Wish I could give it zero stars
This apps no longer work with samsung health location as google location cant work with this. You will not be able to find this apps in samsung health anymore. Bought this app few months ago only. Dun buy and waste money.
Worst app !! No option of mi fit
Why the hell does nobody tell you you have to pay for this app..... Don't get me wrong its a good app and worth the $3 but being blindsided sucks
All permissions are allowed but it says they aren't. Won't work at all.
Not able to select steps so can't sync after new update.
Doesnt work. Get an error every time I try to synch Samsung health to google fit
I didn't like because there isn't syn from apps that I use to samsung health.
Has not updated since purchasing full license. July 13 was the last sync. Hasn't updated since. Confirmed both Garmin and Google Fit are connected but still won't sync. Waste of money.
Was working fine until last update . No will not sync with google health . Uninstalled and still not working . Gave all the permissions and it does not work .
Need a Refund. Just purchased to sync Google fit to s health ,to see daily total steps. After that your notification showed it can not sync steps to s health.Then why you keep s health in your list? If there was no s health support I wouldn't buy it.
Requires location data even though I do not wish to sync that data and allow them to to have that access. Another app requiring unnecessary personal information! And I have to pay them for the pleasure. No thanks!
Don't need to subscribe for an app that doesn't add to what normal apps do.
How to disconnect Health Sync with Suunto app? It seems unable to do it at suunto app.
Doesn't work, worked for 3 days then stopped
Used to work fine, now all I get is constant pop up to allow permissions and when I press an all permissions it's just constant popping up the same permission.
*STAY AWAY DO NOT BUY OR DOWNLOAD* This app was great. Then it started asking for more permissions to run, sound like there trying to mine info to resell, and you actually have to pay for a headache of an app that is looking for more information to sell
Purchased app and today it tells me I only have 6 days left of free trial. This is a scam.
Was working great with the free trail. As soon as I purchased the unlimited use. It now will not let me sync anything. Worst 2.99 ever
Can I sync my samsung active 2 watch to garmin connect with this app...for steps only?....I like the garmin steps challenge ...and it iss the only thing I miss about my old garmin watch ...
Deleted my weight tracking in Google fit and didn't even sync anything other than breaking past info. DONT USE
I have to uninstall and reinstall every day to get it to sync activity from Google fit to Fitbit. Very annoying
Doesn't sync Garmin connect heart rate data to Google fit correctly. Nags for subscription fee constantly.
Yeah just kept going in circles. Maybe my password for my fitbit was wrong but it didn't tell me that, just started over with no dialog to say why.
The app didn't disclose upfront about the trial period. I happen to find it only after navigating to a menu. Looks suspicious ...
Apparently it's trial but no mention of this in description. Thought this was an official app as it's auto downloaded as part of the setup. Doesn't seem to sync just tells me to check permissions which are fine.
I have purchased the app but it did not performed like I hope for. My activity from my Suunto did not sync correctly to Google Fit. Really disappointed.
The app does not work as it should. I want a refund.
This app has worked great until today when its saying samsung health permission are disabled when they all are. Tried lots of things but no longer working. I've even paid subscription but what's point if it doesn't work!!! frustrated.
Doesn't sync steps or heart rate from fitbit. Not useful for me. It is also not free.
Lowest rating for forcing opinions.
Configured app to sync from Garmin to Google fit. No errors, but also no data appear in Google fit. Does not work.
No matter what I try I cannot get Huawei Health data to move over to Strava using this app. I have uninstalled, reinstalled, adjusted permissions. Nothing works!!
Couldnt get to work. Uninstalling before subscription starts.
wouldn't sync getting getting error message.
Subscription required, not a free app
Doesn't seem to work. It doubles everything going from Samsung Health to fit bit. It also seems to make my samsung health app crash
Samsung Health permissions broken. Won't activate and won't actually enable permissions regardless if being "enabled". Currently useless.
I already paid for this but it keeps popping up the trial period message and closing the app.
Bought the app for $2.99 and after a few days it will no longer sync from Google Fit to Samsung Health. It gives a permissions error for Samsung Health. I'm disappointed it only worked for a few days after paying.
Seems like Syncing to Strava is no possible? Is there any bug?
This app kept on beeping at night for no reasons. Then I realized It woke me up at 1 am to remind me to sign up... Stupid app and not really useful, they are other free option out there.
Couldn't get this to work on S9+
Good app until its free.
Doesn't work with suunto with google fit sync. does not sync any item.
in app purchase doesn't mean trial you should not mislead people if you are running a trial period then be up front about it and say so!
I downloaded the app but it keeps getting stuck when it tries to sync with fitbit. It says "Connection Status: processing" and has been there for over an hour. 😧
Can't sync from Google fit to Garmin connect
Wasn't up front that they make you pay for a subscription to keep using the app. The trial period is very short.
Now that trial period is over. It's draining watch battery in under 5 hrs.. not impressed
Before I like it now I hate it so much after stupid upgrade that worsening my weekly monitoring and doesn't sync in my AIA Weekly vitality and erase all my history. Fastly drain also my phone battery and no SETTING can check or correct my setup. Damn hate it now.
I thought it was free, but it is not free at all. 7 day trail, after that it cost money!
Hi why my health sync become trial when I already subscribed..
Initialised with garmin fine, wont even load the Google log in....waste of time.
Only two days in the past are synced. Garmin Connect -> Google Fit Still no sync in September. edit: still not supported yet? 11.2020
Health Sync is constantly having errors and never works like it should. This is a waste of money.
Huge time waste.
I downloaded and paid but app does not sync with G Fit and Samsung health . What am I doing wrong.
It's NOT FREE!! YOU ONLY GET THE 7 DAY TRAIL!
Hidden costs after install.
After the update the app will not connect to Samsung health. All permissions are granted but it still wont work.
Does not seem to be working with Samsung Health on the Note 10 at the moment. I have it set to all Permissions in Samsung Health, but the Health Sync app keeps telling me to look for a 'hidden permission'. There is only the "share all" button in Samsung Health. * BTW the permission screen on Samsung Health now simply says "all permissions" and has nothing to scroll down to.
It does not work at all. It get caught on a permission loop and won't sync. Don't waste your time. Edit: I even followed the directions listed in the devs copy and paste response. It still doesn't work, because this app is a scam.
Very expensive for what it does.
Curruption
This app had been working just fine but now it will not sync with Samsung Health at all. The app permissions are turned on but I am unable to select any options to sync with Google Fit. I just keep getting told to turn on permissions.
After the last update it somehow screwed my fitbit acc so I had to open a new acc and lost all my data!
Tem que sincronizar os passos novamente!
Poor, always warning me, never works flawlessly
How dare you charge for the ability to transfer data between devices which are not Samsung, this is pathetic, I have a pixel 5, and it was already incredibly difficult to connect the Samsung watch to it, now being forced to pay for this fee is just ridiculous, I'm not impressed. Why, because I paid over $700 for a device that won't even sync with my phone.
How to set time and date
Keeps asking for huawei health permission, after a while says the sync is ok but no data shows in strava
Was really pleased with this to start with. But after a few hours it then started saying the permissions needed to be given when everything was already working fine. Now its stuck in a loop asking for permissions that I've already switched on. Bought the unlimited as well so now I feel ripped off.
No longer syncs fitbit to samsung health
Amazing stupid and worthless people would have made this app that is why it 
does not work.
Had this app for over a year working great, suddenly wouldn't sync so followed instructions to change my googlemail to gmail which I've done but gets stuck on initialization even though it says sign in approved 😥 HELP!
I had very high hopes but unfortunately it doesn't sync info from Samsung Health to Garmin
Using Health Sync to sync data to Google fit from Samsung Health. And the permission is not working. Cannot remove the permission and re add. when I try to remove the permission, it is not actually turning off. Health Sync keeps telling me I need to add a permission that is already turned on. This only started happening today.
After bought the app crashes every time i open
this is the most useless wortless app ever created
The idea of the app is good, but the execution seems flawed. I followed the instructions to the letter, yet I am left with duplicates, getting 50 or so readings inserted into my Samsung Health App over the course of 40 minutes (four syncs), even though my watch does not read my pulse that often. Furthermore, comparing the Google Fit data with the Samsung Health data clearly shows that the imports are excessively inaccurate. I was considering buying this until these errors presented themselves.
Last update completely broke all sync abilities.
It's stopped synching all together just after I paid for it. It's a con so don't buy
Just does not work unfortunately
It says it sinks but then I don't see the data in Google fit or Samsung health
It tells me it has successfully linked to Garmin Connect, yet every time my watch syncs withConnect Healthsync throws an error and asks me to reregisterwith Connect. Never worked
Not a free app, didn't tell me this when entering my info, just a day later it informs me it is a 7 day free trial, forget it
Please, add Zepp app to the list :'/
After I paid for app. they want more permissions that I am not comfortable with. Why do you need Personal info not activity related?
Would love if you could add mobvoi support
sucks i hate that i paid for this samsung health sync to google fit and at the end of the day it is shy difference by around 7000 steps.
Less than 24 hours in and it's warning me that it will expire in 7 days.... Buy now for $1.49 per 6 months or $4.79 for lifetime. It came up as a warning about my health.... Shouldn't do that to force you to pay. Have uninstalled, app writer should have this come up as a pop up after 5 days, not 12 hours! Switched back to solely Samsung Health.
Worked great during the free trial.. pay for it and it stops working immediately. Won't sync. Have tried everything in help support.
Makes FitBit app read way more steps than I actually have, does not convert Samsung health to FitBit accurately. do not recommend
App was working perfectly untill this morning. It does not want to sync my Samsung health app to google fit it keeps saying that samsung health needs more permissions when it has all the permissions boxes on just randomly stopped wanting to sync right when I payed for it so I spent money for it to not work😡
Does not work. I tried and follow the instructions but it did not work. OnePlus 5t, Samsung sport and Google fit. Battery opt off, turned off track activity metrics in fit, reinstall the app. It does not sync anything. Zero nada .... I would have paid for it but does not work
Just paid to use this app but Fitbit does no longer authorise access.
Didn't sync accurately during the entire free trial. Definitely not going to pay for it
Borderline useless and my Fitbit account was compromised immediately after installing this app.
This app no longer works with Samsung Gear Fit. The health sync app has instructions on how to allow permissions, which is already enabled on my phone.
Been troubleshooting this for two days. Installed and deleted it three times. No matter how I change my phone settings, this app can not get Samsung health data on my phone. The pop up to allow permission won't let me click anything.
Doesn't work at all. Right after paying for it. I want a refund.
After installing the app and setting it up it still did not sync the 2 apps I wanted it to, Google Fit and Samsung Health so I got rid of it. But after having this app installed once, Lifesum and Samsung Health refuse to sync up as well now. Thanks.
Good thing this app has a trial period because it does not work.   After setup and following their instructions nothing was synced for the entire period.
Pay for full version since May 2018. Today Oct 2019 app suddenly prompted me I need to subscribe again.
Why it is not sync google fit with samsung health ????
I can't sync from Garmin to Samsung health anymore :(
Total waste of time as it doesn't work! Only synced one day from S-Health to Google Fit.
This app is okay not $3 okay or a dollar every 6 months go to play pass if you want my subscription business now wishing I can give less than 1 star review
I have an Amazfit watch and an Samsung watch. So, there is no direct sync between Amazfit (Mifit) and Google health. You need Google fit in between. It was working ...sort of ... but lately it does not do anything. I bought Health Sync but I do not recommand it if you have an Amazfit or if you use Mifit because it will not work properly. There is no direct sync possibility between Google health and Amazfit/Mifit.
The service wont sync my steps from Samsung health to9 Google fit now. Tried everything.
Fix the Google fit sync issue! Plus the app crashed for me at least 5 times..
I really needed to move my Samsung data so I'm really let down.
Since last update Keep getting "health sync error" then it tells me it can't do blood pressure without permission but I've gave it permission 6000 times and every 5 minutes notification after notification after notification...
I tried the trial but was never able to get it to do the one thing it was meant to do: automatically sync my steps from Samsung  Health to Google Fit. All the required apps were installed, I didn't get any errors, but every day I'd check Google Fit and it never showed my steps.
Sync not working as expected after try for 2 days, keep pop up to ask to buy, please look into UX. If your apps good enough dun worry people won't buy it. Lol
Doesn't work for Fitbit 》 S Health
Ive been trying and trying to sync Samsung Health to Google Fit but it just wont sync
Failing to sync with Samsung health as of 8/27/19. Unable to locate any of the categories in Samsung health to enable Health Syncs to access the data.
Don't bother if you have a Samsung.
Didn't sync my s health to fit. I have a gear  fit 2
Kostenpflichtige App. Health Sync ist ausschließlich dafür da Daten zwischen den verschiedenen Health Apps zu synchronisieren und dafür wollen sie Geld haben und das nicht zu knapp. Einen Stern gibt es dafür von mir.
Does not sync Google fit to Samsung health as advertised. Rip off!
So basically, after the last update it crashes it no longer syncs automatically and crashes when I sync manually. Clicked the report button, crashes, emailed author, no reply. For a paid app, a 100% functionality loss it has to go from 5 to 1 stars.
if you are on WW, don't waste your money on this. it doesn't work like it should and the data that gets sent to fitbit comes in to WW oddly
Disappointed. I want my huwaei watch to sync my workout records to Google fit but turns out, it doesn't work. Only my steps and nothing else. Quite a deal breaker otherwise I would gladly purchase this app.
Lately it's full of errors. Not sure if it's google fit/SHealth having a problem or this app. I hope you'll fix soon.
Unable to sync to samsung , uninstalled
I need a refund, too. It was known to the dev team that S Health does not sync. I raised the issue and never received any response. I would not pay for.
Didn't sync - wish it worked.
3.99 to sync 2 apps together? nahh
pretty terrible sync feature. explanation of samsung counting too many is weak at best, with no evidence. will definitely NOT BUY. I don't really care if you think your calculations are better, it should read the sreos from my Gearfit and sync the data that is read from that rather than going by sime arbitrary, unexplained algorithm in the app that doesn't actually include a wearable device.
It's been working well until recently days when steps on my Garmin watch is many while the steps on Google Fit is much less though I have disabled the function to stop track activity from Google Fit itself. I have tried to remove and reinstalled both apps but still not work. I have also disconnected and reconnected btw Darmin Connect and Google Fit. Please help!
Dont bother...this app says that it will auto sync, but you have to manually go in to make it sync every time. complete garbage.
Doesnt work it all. never sync anything between any app. wasnt buying it If it couldn't show in trail it atleast worked.
not good enough to pay for... barely works and overall dissapointing... I can only sync two apps... if I were to pay I'd want a better app!
This App is a scam. I download it a week ago to be able to sync my steps in Samsung health and it allowed me till I paid and only them did i get the notice that steps can no longer be synced. I want my money back
Advertised as free then makes you pay after a week. I just wanted this so I could transfer my steps to pokemon go
App not connecting to my fitbit account. Page loads and I login and allow all permissions but doesn't move further to allow synching.
Why would I pay for this when 90% of the time the trial failed to sync? No thank you
It does NOT sync steps as a whole. It syncs calories. I can't join fitbit challenges. Complete sham. Got a refund.
Kindly I need support as the application is not sync, As massage appears "Samsung will not allow to sync steps to samsung health after june 30 -2020 !!
Stuck in permission loop, can't be used for Samsung health to fit on a s7
Worked perfectly until paying for full version, now won't sync keeps on bringing up errors, don't bother with this app feel like I may as well of thrown my money down the toilet
Latest update won't allow permissions on Android...
Let trial expire, and every half hour it complains at me for not buying it. 
Not buying it now!
I subscribed to this app but it still shows it as a trial version.
Not free. makes me want to give the apps that forced me to have this app a 1 star as well. Samsung and Google should get their act together and make this redundant.
Always having problem with Samsung health
Stuck on "processing sync"
Why can I sync health data from Garmin to Shealth but not the other way around? The only option I get to sync data from Shealth is fit bit and Google fitness.
thousands of issues with synchronizing apps from Samsung health to Google fit
Export feature only allows you to select one day, even though it says from and to.
Doesnt work at all and leave annoying tab open you cant get rid of at top
I'm always getting sync errors and now it keeps telling me I need to allow its usage in samsung health wich I am and it's still not working.
Subscription?! Are you f**king kidding me? I could have understood like a one time payment for the app but subscription?! Haha, I hope you don't get a single subscription and you finally get how you messed up.
Running workout distance is about 20% higher when syncing samsung health to google fit.
Never worked quite right, constantly asking for permissions it already had. Didn't work at all with the weight watchers application. Too inconvenient to bother to troubleshoot, I'm busy. Don't waste your time.
After the latest update it does not work to sync Samsung health with Google fit.
Crashing while syncing from Google Fit to S Health. (Galaxy S7 Edge)
Nothing says it's a paid app in the description until your free trial is up. If it's only free for a little bit that should be very clear. Deleted.
I was orginally happy with this app but all of a sudden it won't sync properly and says that I need to accept permissions that I already have accepted and there are not hidden permissions and it wont even accept when I say to accept.
Updated yesterday, now i get samsung health sync error, nothing will enable on the home screen even with all permissions enabled in samsung health settings ! Glad I paid for the full version ........
It doesn't work at all
It was working fine till the time i was on trial version ,as soon as i got the subscription ,the sync stopped working altogether.There is no warning or error message displayed.It just says sync Ok and does not sync the active minutes at all.Super annoying and frustrating.
It works great if you don't mind giving up 25% of your battery
Does sync activities but not steps even though it says it does on the sync checbox list. So pretty much doesn't sync 85% of the data you want.
dose not work don't waste your time
I don't mind that I have to pay after using the trial period which is a few days long, but being inaccurate after sync by over 1000 steps isn't going to fly for me
It messed up all my Fitbit data by adding steps in between 12am and 1am every night by thousands of steps. Was definitely sleeping... don't do it. Editing based on response from developer... it doubled my steps most days from what they were before. I figured it would be able to tell where phone and fitbit recorded the same steps. I can't get it to go back. Pretty big bummer.
Forgot my Fitbit watch for one day and wanted to transfer my steps from Samsung Health from my phone trackingmy steps. This app messed up my fitbit steps entirely! It transferred steps from my Samsung health to my fitbit and all the steps duplicated instead of syncing and realizing which steps were duplicates. No way to reverse. Now my entire fitbit step history is nearly double what it was in steps count. Very upset about this!
Bad just bad
Doesn't seem to sync anything...
Horrible app. Keeps doing the same thing. It won't let me pass the allow permissions even after I did already. I paid and still nothing. Don't waist your time with this app.
It doesn't sync Samsung health to Google fit
I'm trying to transfer data from Huawei Health to Strava. But app does not show Huawei Health app as a choice of source app.
Sending me a notification every 15 minutes that the trial period has expired is a really really great and annoying way to make me just nuke the app from my device and move on.
It is disappointed to use an app smoothly for free but suddenly requests you to pay for it otherwise you cant use it anymore, you should say in the first time when I download it!
it doesnot work with Samsung health any more ?
Even if it works, the lack of listing up front the purchase price after the free trial seems shady. I wanted to know how much the app cost because I wanted to purchase. To find it, I had to install the app, THEN go through set up, THEN go to 'trial period' THEN select 'buy now' THEN choose between 'subscription' and 'one time payment' BEFORE I was able to find out how much it cost. The actual fees are buried deep into the app.
Samsung syn withdrawal , your app is like pice of trash .
Recent update has stop syncs from working!.. Great simple to use app for transferring data from one to another health tracker apps, 5 stars for that! Reason for only 3 stars: There seems to be no way to do multiple syncs between different health tracker & to keep them syncing automatically. Example: I require a daily weight sync from fitbit to shealth. I also need all my data sync'd regularly from shealth to google fit. Better if the Health Sync app allowed multi sync management.
sync is not working with Samsung health on my Note 9. Keeps saying that one or more permissions is not working. would gladly purchase this app if that works.
does not work. please refund me. app no syncing samsung health to google fit.
Inconsistent, with constant 'nag' screens to 'upgrade'
The app used to be good. Today it suddenly started asking me for permission after using it for more than a year. I tried all in vain.
meh, didn't like it. uninstalled
Won't sync, says to turn off activity tracking, which is off already.
Seems like an all-in-1 solution that syncs whatever to wherever, but after install I could only sync Google Fit to Fitbit or Samsung, no Garmin or anything else. Very disappointed!
I paid for the premium subscription and canceled it because it was no longer syncing. It's ridiculous to ask for money for an app that doesn't work and that requires the user to follow a ridiculous series of steps (click here, tap this thing 10 times, etc) to get the app to work.
No llegó a syncronizar nada y me decía que ya se había pasado el periodo de prueba y que pagara. No me parece el mejor plan hacerte que pagues sin haber llegado a ver resultados.
Subscription Service? Really? If you're not going to advertise that you should just charge for the app. I'd prefer having to watch an add than be "surprised"by a required subscription. For me this app did not work well enough for me to pay for it anyway. I needed to go and allow permissions on a few different occasions during the "trial". Deleted app.
It says free but after 1 week it stopped syncing and asking for payment.
App is hopeless. I should not have bought it. It doesnt properly sync from 
samsung health to google fit. My SHealth has 10k+ steps but only 300 were 
sync. The only reason I bought this is for global challenge but now since 
this is not working as design, I end up manually entered my steps. Such a 
waste!!! Would be nice if i can at least see error message of unsync data. 
FYI I am only monitoring my gear fit steps and not steps count using the 
phone.
they could mention in the appstore that this product will only be free for a short period of time.  i had the pleasure of using this for about a month when I got the notice that i needed to enter a subscription before I could sync anymore.
App will not connect with other apps. A waste of my money.
I have subscribed for health sync. It was working fine before the recent update. I couldn't enable the all the checkbox items while syncing with SHealth to google fit. Repeatedly asking to grant permissions inspite of enabling all permissions. Please help me with this.
Not great. Can only sync 1 activity. I use both Garmi and Samsung Health for activities and I'm unable to sync both how I need to after the update. Defaults to syncing everything to Google Fit.
This app is now a waste of time, now that it doesn't sync Samsung health and Google fit.
Stupid. Stops working unless you fork over cash.
Will not acknowledge sync with s health at setup
I want to sync Withings to garmin connect but this will only send it to Google or Samsung
I think its great buty it tell s .e ii ha e t o purchase the app because the trial period is over. No where on the app does it say it is a pay app. What gives????
Syc fitbit data to Samsung health. Doesn't sync at all. No data ported over. Don't download. After following the instructions in the Help Center menu, and following all possible instructions, the app is still worthless and does not sync my Fitbit data to my Samsung Health app.
Permissions error since August 30th, 2019; app no longer works at all.
Would not get past sync page. Installed and reinstalled. Contacted email as described in earlier review and advice was to change email settings in personal email. Setting wasn't there and it seems ridiculous to have to change my email to get a third party app to work.
After new update only collets up to 15k steps a day, samsumg health shows 20+.. Was working fine before the update, very sad.
Thanks for responding, but you've simply restated my frustration. Health Sync allows me to import data from my Motiv ring into Samsung Health. I participate in the challenges as motivation. Being kicked oit/banned for fraudulent steps is definitely not what I want associated with my name. I was hoping to receive a solution. ------------------------------------------- Original Review App is significantly inflating my steps and causing me to get banned from my step challenges.
sores not work at all, Samsung errors every time
Doesnt transfer steps from garmin app to google fit. Here's hoping I get help on solving why this is
Does not sync. Tried multiple times. Just spins
Trial version letting you use only for 8 days
Cannot sync Huawei Health data. Please Add this fearure.
Didn't work with Samsung health at all.
Should say up front that it's a demo and you have to get a subscription in a few days. Scammy practice.
Doesnt sink with garmin
I have a garmin and a Samsung watch. Will only sync one or other to google fit, not both, as of last night. Also not reporting activities from fiton, registers it as a walk. I paid. Any suggestions for a fix?
only a trial...force you to sibscribe to contonue use
Free trial? Whack!
It says it's free but ita just a trial.
Does not work with Suunto's new account system, takes you to a page that does not accept your login no matter what and refuses to work with the Suunto app that I am ALREADY LOGGED IN ON!
Lags..
I installed the previous version of this app and it worked fine so i committrd to the one yome payment. then due to a problem with my phone i had to uninstall and re install. the new version of the app is stalling at the initialise stage so now i can't use it at all. nor can i finf a way to contact developer throght the app not an improvement but a retrograde change. i want my money back. Update 2 September. solution offered for sync issue doesn't work
App used to work perfectly to connect Samsung with Google fit but hasn't for months now. I need it for vitality
Doesn't work correctly between garmin and google fit, yet attempts to charge for the service.
Didn't sync over calories properly from S Health to Google Fit, so pretty much useless.
keep showing Samsung health permission error，even though i have given it the permission.
don't sync my watch steps
Im not paying fir this lmao!
Would have purchased IF it had worked at all... Great idea but just doesn't do what it's supposed 2
wont allow anything to sync. would fine until the free trial runs out and you pay for it
Worked fine, but now won't sync with Samsung Health
It stopped working since the last uodate
looks like a free app until 8 days pass.
Totally broken Garmin authorisation or initialization following last app update. Tried uninstall / re-install. Does not open any page for Garmin authorisation any longer. Have paid a lifetime subscription several months ago and working fine until now. Now it's less than useless.
App stopped syncing with Google Fit a few days ago. This is very frustrating because I track my steps as part of a competition. Health Sync is the 3rd party app to connect the other apps. Didn't I pay for this app??? I tried the work around that was recommended. However, everytime I click on "about Samsung Health," it just opens that section on the settings up.
Worked fine until yesterday, samsung sync keeps asking for permissions it already has. It's a shame bc I really liked this apps functionality.
syncing manually works, the auto aync gives an error daily. I don't want to go and resync it myself every day.
I cant get it to work it says its synced but when i look at the individual 
apps they are literally 1000 steps apart
Doesn't work. It's not possible to sync my old data? Anyway it just says "initialization" and nothing else. Edit: Tried reinstalling multiple times no difference.
S Health steps don't show in Fitbit
Once I clicked Fitbit then the app force to close. Why???
It's really, really, really stupid to decrease and modify your steps claiming that Samsung health counts double! It's not true, because I count my steps with Samsung watch which is very accurate and then sync it with SHealth. So you are paying to decrease your steps?? Please fix it to sync real steps! It's not misunderstood ,because I am telling you that I use watch to count step. Samsung health it's showing what my watch catch as steps, not my phone, neither both.
Cannot set up Withings. Tried 4 browsers on Android 9, Mi 9 Lite. Page does not refresh after allowing app access. I know Withings is an utter pain in the neck (won't ever buy another device because of their terrible software) but please fix this if you can.
Utterly useless. I do everything it says to disable Google activity tracker and still have a non stop sync error.
Downloaded the trial version in order to sync old Samsung data to Google Fit but the app would not allow this and appeared to suggest that I could only sync the data after 1 week, however it did not indicate that this could only be done with the paid version, therefore it appears I cannot retrieve my Samsung data without buying the full version even though I only want a one time sync. I'd be happy to pay for the full version if I was going to synchronise regularly but for a one-off sync the price is too high.
You have to pay. Anyway not required anymore for me as Samsung and myfitnesspal are in collaboration with each other. S health and myfitnesspal are slowly but surely exchanging data
Samsung now blocks 3rd party sync of steps, which means it is sadly now useless for Discovery Vitality. Was great when it used to work.
Doesn't sync more than one day.
stopped working right when I got a new phone saying it doesn't work in my country, but I'm in the same county! please help I really liked this app
I bought the app and sync the history data. It's all wrong. I don't see step count some days, I don't see any data some days. Now i have a bad data in google fit. Shut the app if you can not fix it. I would not recommend it at all for historic data.  I never had any data in google fit. This is the first time i synced the data to google fit. i manually calculated the difference in the data between Samsung health and google fit now for 8 weeks and the difference is approx. 36k steps.
Nowhere does it say it's a subscription service. Don't call yourself a free app if there's hidden costs. It's not an "in-app purchase " if you can't even use the app. Deceiving, do not install.
Deceiving app. It's a paid app but no where while installing did it mention a trial period . I would not have given access to any of my data for a short period. Be transparent with your consumers. Edit: After the reply from the developer, please add a popup that tells the consumers that it is only a 1 week trial period instead of a note on Google play app.
I purchased the premium version in order to be able to sync my garmin data and Google fit, but the app keeps failing and pops warnings no matter what setting I change... Disappointing Edit: shared my issues, and was able to make it partially work. However I lost couple months of my subscription and now I am asked to pay due it again.. Still not appropriate
Sync from samsung health to google fit doesnt work. Tried restarting phone like help center suggested but still not working. I wasted my time, useless app.
Trying to use this to sync my Garmin to Google Fit... It simply doesn't work. You can't force sync but it also doesn't sync automatically. Completely useless.
you have to pay for it after 7days trial
No longer works
Frequently fails to sync on paid version
I've just recently installed this and paid for full version one off payment. It has only synced once and since it keeps throwing up a sync error - the message indicates it relates to battery optimisation/saving. so I've went through the settings and excluded this app and the connected Google Fit/Samsung Health apps, and it still won't sync. The Help Centre just sends me in circles looking for a solution. Any suggestions on how to fix this?
Ransomware. Not listed as paid, but then 1 week in, it stops working, apparently the 1 week trial is mentioned, but burried in the pages of text for the app description.
It doesn't work and drained my battery
Terrible for ownership. No option for free, even ad supported. No thanks. Don't recommend.
If your app asks me to leave a rating, you get the lowest rating regardless of how good or bad the app is. Sync works again.
Requires payment
Dont waste your time or money. Wont sync from a fossil sports watch to samsumg health. Useless app. Uninstalling.
App was working great up to today. The app won't allow my to select sync data. E.g. steps. It wants me to allow data permission that has been approved already
Well done, the last update has made this app stop working. What's the point of an sync app that doesn't sync anymore!
Can't make it work. Running out of the trail period. Have had one halfway successful sync once, nothing since. Tried Samsung, Healthmate and Google in all kind of combinations.
Can't export to many sources
I tried multiple times but it couldn't connect with my Galaxy Watch, can someone help me please
All of a sudden I can't sync my Samsung Data to Google Fit. Everything was fine until recently. I keep getting an error message stating the Samsung apps is not giving permissions. But I do set permission and then it just loops. Please fix asap.
Hi everyone. I'm having issues as well but once you enter developer options syncing will work again. I've given them one star until they fixed the problem for the majority of people here. To enter developer mode. Samsung health app settings > about health > tap 10 times on the version code. Thanks to Brandan Holmes for this fix.
Its not syncing my data from fitbit to google fit!! Defeats the purpose of this app
Didnt wotk
Problematic, I paid for the app and now it doesn't work, something about permissions. Eve though I have already enabled it in Samsung health, when I scroll down there are no other permissions
Not impressed at first. I recorded a ride of 10.8 MILE on my Samsung S10+ using Samsung health, however the synced distance was only 3.5 KILOMETERS on Google Fit after the sync. I know there is going to be a slight difference in some metrics, but the one thing it should get right is the distance! If the dev can help, I'll happily rate it accordingly.
I have purchased this app but my history data was not synced.
The sync doesn't work anymore after the updates.
Didn't actually do anything with Samsung Health. Also didn't let me try others like Google Fitness and seemed like it could only handle one. So I removed the app permissions on day one and uninstalled.
Update: their response has nothing to do with my review. I'm not complaining about historical data transfer, new data won't transfer either. In other words, the app doesn't do anything. Doesn't transfer data between Samsung health and Google fit like it claims it does. And it's only a week long trial, after a few days it starts warning you that you have to pay. For an app that doesn't work anyway.
Can't sync data from strava to shealth, strava is wey more popular than polar app and other unpopular apps that is included
would not sync on my note 9 with android pie
About to Uninstall this, continuously gets synch error even though all permissions are enabled. Worked for a little while, now it's just annoying
Too invasive for what it is and free trial isn't long enough to test it
Worked well during free trial. After paying for app I just encounter sync issues. Don't waste your money, try another app like fit syncher. App now saying I'm on free trial yet it was paid for. Scam, stay away.
Sync stoped working Samsung Health Permission error. Can't fix it and I want my money back.
It's a useful app.. does what it is supposed to do but you HAVE to pay. I think adding ads or figuring another way to get revenue without losing users like me or losing stars in reviews should be considered.
Was working great till samsung apparently messed it up. Now cant get to work. Got googlemail account and instructions say to change to gmail. I've followed the instructions but they dont work.total Fail !
Doesn't work anymore.
The whole reason for the app is to sync up other apps. After entering all the information it just stalled.
You get 7 days of free syncing. Afterwards, the sync is tied behind a pay wall subscription.
Always crash using my Samsung S10 plus with the newest version. 11.9.2019 I already pay for the premium and cannot sync from garmin to Samsung health.
I thought this was free...it says a trial is expired and no longer works.
Problems with S Health Permissions
Dev should mention that this app is a 7day trial only!! When I publish my app, it will be two way sync for s health, Google fit, misfit, and fit bit.
I paid for this app and found out it wont work with syncing steps. Trying to get my money back but..............
This app crashes each time I hit sync on Android 10 OnePlus 6
Didn't work. Meh...
I have subscribed to the pro version, however it just doesn't sync. They also do not have historic date range to sync, which means you end up doing day by day sync, highly ineffective and operational burden.
is this app compatible with samsung galaxy tab 3 10.1 as I want to sync with my samsung S5
didn't work
Trial period ends and they ask for money. No thanks.
The app only sync my Samsung Health data from yesterday and today what 
about the other 2 years worth of data before that? Nothing gets sync what a 
waste of time
Impossible to use. The initial setup forces you to sync to Samsung Health preventing connections to other applications.
After the new update, it screw up my sync with AIA vitality. It just does not sync and creating a lot of trouble. Can you roll back to the previous version. Till then you will get 1 star.
You made me subscribe and now its not working, my google fit have my step data nd nothing is updated to my s health.
Useless. FREE TRIAL ONLY. And doesn't sycn info either waste of time.
I basically have to pay to sync data. That's ridiculous. For the amount of money you'll be spending per month over the course of the time you use the fitness apps. You might as well just buy a secondary fitness tracker that syncs to google fit. Very upset that they make you pay for something that should be free.
It kept having sync errors. After I paid the subscription fee I eventually got permission errors and couldn't add anything to the sync list.
Well, I can give no other rating when the sync doesn't work at all.  Google fit shows over 6300 steps today, after sync Samsung Health shows 0.  Not really working as I'd like.  I have data gathered for years and NOTHING is syncing over to Samsung Health.  Not sharing the price that will be charged for the full version is another big negative.  I don't like "pay forever' pricing with the best of apps so there are no positives that I've seen so far.
Very misleading, not clear....thankfully it just didn't work before using uninstalling it...these app developers should be fined and reported to Google
I use Huawei health and strava
Sync from Samsung health to Fit are not consistent. Today's data shows perfect but yesterday day which was fine until yesterday js corrupted today. Unreliable
Does not sync Garmin connect information at all to Google fit such as step count and heart rate
Unfair you have to pay in the end.
Never got it to sync.
After trying for two days, following every instruction to the word and reading all of the guides, it simply will not sync even though no errors appear. Not worth it.
I hate when I download an app and after spending half my afternoon setting things up find out it's a trial and I need to subscribe. That info should be up front.
No means no! Stop asking me if I love this app!
Excercise sync is really bad. Uninstalled
Health joke FREE haha this is not free and does not sync two programs data what a waste of time installing would have not minded adverts if it was free but don't waste time or data installing this is there minus stars then i can rate it
Doesn't sync steps from Samsung health to Fitbit anymore...
When can we expect integration with Amazon halo?
No other apps connected and tracking disabled and yet, it fails to sync
I don't know why it asks you to pay, you do it and then it keepa saying it won't sync until you pay. I am so tired of trying to make this app work and I am done. NOT WORTH THE MONEY. DO NOT PAY FOR IT. Developers, please either fix it ASAP or get me my money back.
So trial... first you have to pay a subscription and then you learn it is not even able to take your fit bit steps and add it to samsung health... what a load of 💩!!
It's sad that it doesn't support from Huawei bands or watches to Samsung Health. I'm running Huawei Health on my Samsung phone successfully with my Huawei band. Don't have a way to sync it with Samsung Health.
Junk app
I walk 3 miles a day, and this thing errors out so consistently, I had to disable the notifications. Google just told me I walked 8 miles last month. This app appears to overwrite your google data to zero, which defeats the purpose for me. Google's data stores are way better than samsung.
Good app. And then you have to pay after a trial. Not a good app.
I paid the 2.99 and the app stopped working telling me the trial is over and I need to pay again.
Doesn't show as a connected app in Garmin connect, useless for what I've paid to use, needs addressed by the developer. Pressing on the Garmin logo doesn't work and it won't take you to the Garmin page to allow permissions, poor. Update. I have this working but not via your support, I have installed via appgallery at an older version, this works so my review of this app in this forum remains the same.
after using this app i'm now getting non stop friend requests from fitness fb pages. Absolute con and a scam and need reporting.
Say it's free but it's not. You just get a week trial then have to pay
Idiotic making an app that's not backwardly compatible. My wife's iphone 6+ is up to date however the iphone version of the app won't install because it wants a newer update? Brilliant!
Downloaded just to delete. I hate when apps are shoved in my face
This app will never work! People who have covid-19 break quarantine all the time, you still see people not wearing mask, no ones checking on people in quarantine, everyone's still having gatherings with more then 10 ppl.. The list goes on... So don't download this it's worthless you'll never get a notification!
This app downloaded itself on my phone do not trust this app at all. This is not okay.
My mother is high risk so I felt this app was a great idea. I tried downloading it but it said I didn't have enough space. So I delete three apps that I don't need and some useless pictures. It still says I don't have enough space. So I check how much space I have and it says 615 MB, which should be more than enough to download the stupid app. I check and this app only requires 22MB. I try to redownload and it doesn't work again. Great concept but it won't even let me try it out.
I can take care of myself as well as people around me. Don't need this. Shame on victorino for forcing.
Horrible. Forced installed. UNSAFE!!!! UNINSTALLED!!! BEWARE
Force install?!? Goodbye, deleted..
unconstitutional mandatory download of app. infringement of rights. state of hawaii gov will be sued over this. developers of app should be ashamed of themselves.
Horrible APP. Not accessible to download on my ipad mini which I always carry. Don't have an apple phone, and it is not downloading on my Samsung phone. I find it offensive that Big Brother is tracking me. Will probably cancel my trip to Maui . Too much trouble yo go there.
Hope it works doesent sound great. Tbh
Stupid
Not yet set up for Caregiver-only accounts. I need to make appointments for my infant, but I dont have kaiser so my account is as a caregiver and the app does not let these account use the app yet.
App crashes when you join the visit. Attempted to troubleshoot by clearing cache and data, uninstalling, restarting phone, downloading fresh and still fails constantly.
Can't download the app. Very frustrating
Wrong information
Keeps telling me the app has stopped!  Won't let me log on.
Cooovid conspirator... Go blue cross
Sent here for a video appt and this is the second day and still cannot download!!! I will have to reschedule for a third time if this wont work again today!!!!
Could not get the video to work for an e visit with the doctor.
I have never,ever had so many wonderful Doctor's ,this is the best care I ever had and I'm now  Cancer Free I love all my Doctor's Heart and soul, I used to fear going to Doctors no I look forward too all my appointments,we all know all the nurses at Kiaser our very special love them to the moon and back
Won't update anything says i have no message when i do it's become super annoying
App didn't work on Naxa NID1009 tablet. Couldn't load data, so it doesn't know who my doctor is. Totally useless - don't bother.
I have the other KP app, and it works fine. This app insists that I'm not an active member, even after having member services reset my account.
Newer version cant download
Very stressful to old to try to use this technogoly
Terrible set up; It won't even let me download the app; very disappointing.
Tried to make an appointment and was told my symptoms were not serious and that I should make an E-appointment, then went to make an E-appointment and was told my symptoms required an in person appointment. . . I just want to see a doctor and the app won't let me. What's the point in having Kaiser insurance if I can't ever use it??
I like things the way they are every time you update I takes me a long time to figure out how it all works.
Just updated to this app.  Cannot  sign on but older version of app did work before.
I can't even open the app anymore
Was a mess. Tried starting new, but it was remembering old sign in so couldn't start new. Gave up.
App is broken: crashes upon opening 100% of the time. Using android Nexus 4 phone.
This app would not let me sign in with my user name and password. So I just deleted the app off my phone.
Worthless Dont know how to use No instructions "A join button will appear 15 min before appt time" Where? then what? Will have to cancel appt. With personal doctor!
Keeps kicking me off says timed out but just signed in. Deleting app
Email you doctor don't work anymore.
Can't send msgs. Make U type over , over. Suck!
App crashes after login every time.
Can not view MRI results or any Drs notes
This app sucks. Half the time it won't let u send a text, further more, when you send a text to your doctor, when he responds, u don't even get a notification back. You have to go back in to the site to see if he responded. Piss pore app. Not worth a dam.
Most features show a network error screen. Use the regular Kaiser Permanente app instead
Won't load
Supper choppy I had to guess what my doctor was saying. Audio was terrible, doctor shared screen with me it was such delay. Kaiser please come up with something better.
Can't access lab results. Keeps telling me session time run out then kicks me out completely. Not happy with this app so far.
I cannot figure out how to send a picture to my doctor
It's sucks
Try to login  Let Me In the first time but I went in for the second time now it's telling me error error error error please fix if not I will not change my star
Download not responsive.
Cant even log In
keeps sayin data can't be found . cant access my medical records at all
Data cannot be found?
This app worked at first and then I started to get a message that it was closed.  I reported it twice and have not heard nothing.  So I uninstalled it and installed it again.  Still having a problem.  Its so disappointing.  Guess I will just uninstall again because nobody addresses the problem.
Video visit quality was terrible. Every other video app works great.
Haven't been able to connect in weeks.
Login errors one to many
The video kept breaking up. Very uncomfortable not being able to talk to my doctor.
It had the best intentions but can't function the basic things it's  trying to offer. Please fix it!! Very annoying when it's the only way to send photos to you doctor and you can't.
I don't know my password
Just another way for kaiser to keep taking in your money without proving the care you need. They push doctors to have as little relationship with their patients and this is another way to give minimal care for maximum profit. Also I love how you MUST allow for this Kaiser app to have access to you phone, photos, contacts, internal storage etc. Tell me why it's needs access to any of these things.
Probably the worst app ever. Difficult to navigate. Refill prescriptions just gives a network error for over a year. KP needs to buy some mobile APM software or something. This isn't rocket surgery!
Can't find way to schedule mammograms
Unable to get online no matter what device I use iPhone my Samsung laptop and then I have a Microsoft
Not user friendly , I try to trouble shoot and it redirects me to sign in again after I'm already signed in.
It will notdown load
Breaks all of the time. Email Dr feature especially.
I've tried several times it does not work unloaded it and reloaded it it still does not work
It would not give me the option to make an appointment. It also did not give me the option to order prescription. I want my old mobile app.
All of Kaiser's apps are horrible. This isn't just some convenient app, this is people's medical care, it needs to function properly. Most of the time I can't even open it on my phone or access my appointments, I've even had to pay cancelation fees because I could not make my online appointments due to issues with this app.
Have not experienced one.
We can't make app work.
Couldn't even access the app.
I cannot readily access the dates of availability of an in my caregivers I go through a phone tree that is annoying and monotonous and it diverts me to an advice nurse or travel nurse or something else instead of allowing me to control by knowing the available dates of my doctor or other care for provider
I have a galaxy s3 and this ap will moot go beyond the passcode!
Super sloooow
Hope it's fixed soon or I will delete the app.
Really awfull install Never use this app again
Video visits dont work.   Even went to Kaiser in San Francisco and met with their IT department rep during one of my appointments. But they couldn't fix it.
Will not load the app on a Kindle Fire HD!!
antuquated app requires manual login every single time you use it! Time Consuming and tedious. Bad reflection on IT Team!
I was sent here to learn more about my next visit...... nothing here has anything to do with my next visit! it is not even a option here, its just a place to load the app. to me that's just wrong and a waste of my time! no, I am not happy with what just happened!  This app permissions are over the top with what they want you to allow!  Far more than is nessarry and very invasive. Do not use this app. It is not for your best interests and violates yourprivacy as much as google does.    If you want to allow it to make changes on your phone or read all content in your phone, mske calls, do what ever it want to do! Read for your self what they have pit in permissions.     Is this what you would have expected from a app like this!  I think not! Its just another loss of your rights by using this.    Nothong on your phone is off limits to this app!
Cant open it now. It trys to open but fails and the report option fails too. update: still not working. stupid circle spins and spins then times out.
Currently inoperable on Galaxy S7
The app stopped working completely.  It will not allow me to log in saying its having a hard time retrieving data. Too bad because I liked the app.
Crashes
The app will crash after I try to join the video conference session. I've tried it on both my cell signal and wifi, and on numerous occasions, it will crash on both WiFi and cell towers. I missed my appointment with my doctor due to this.
The new app will not download onto my Android phone. Went by the Kaiser office twice and staff were not able to download the app as well.!!! Now I have no app and cannot communicate online with Kaiser. What a joke. :-(
Very bad.. Cant connect anything. Always display bad request.
Current version does not work. Starts to open but fails. Reporting fail through applet do no good.
Doesn't work
Won't let me access any of my personal information I still have to call to get through and get an appointment scheduled or anything else
App can't access my account info half the time and throws an error dialog.
Has been crashing all the time on lg g3. Didn't open a single time.
Does not download
Damned thing works just like the othe, not at all
Its just not working now
Updating my info but won't open anymore
Try to open the app and it keeps stopping. Was able to use it before, but not sure if the update messed things up
Tried to use for an appointment my primary care physician referred me to. Got through to a screen showing 2 appointments available for the following day. Tried to schedule one and the system crashed. .. Now it keeps SCREWING UP! Have known their MIS department to be real screw-ups but this tops the cake!
It is just not working. Every time I tap 'join your visit' the app is crashing.
Doesn't launch on Moto X running Android 4.4.
I have a video chat scheduled with my surgeon and I can't get the app to start downloading onto my tablet.
Not letting me log in
The 2 version prior app was much stable... it keeps crashing after login
Wont even open past log in.
couldn't use it
Bad
Whiskey Tango Foxtrot?? This app was just fine until the latest forced update!! I spent 3.5 hrs on Thursday, January 6th, 2016 trying to login to the Kaiser NorCal app.. I kept getting "error messages" for example....".. We are unable to retrieve your Medical Records...". or ."...Our servers are unable to locate your requested information, please try again later.." The thing that really ticked me off was that I hadn't asked for ANYTHING yet! This is beyond unacceptable, time for a email to the developer.
Constant crashing and won't login
Does work. Can't retrieve any information.
It says data is out of service. I can't do nothing except log in.
Covid hysteria and MaskPsychosis pimp. Disturbing covid propaganda commercials. BOYCOTT KAISER COVID PROPOGANDIST AND HYSTERIA PUSHER
Will not launch. Moto X.
Does not allow screenshots. KP has not responded to this twice reported complaint/suggestion. Other bugs and slowdowns, feels like less than a beta. Prohibitively unacceptably slow startup time. No option to show password entry. Only a subset of medical record available online. Video chat sound bugs.
I followed instructions completely and no connection could be made.  Internet wifi was at full strength.  There is no number to call to get help.  This app is a definite fail!
It sucks
It sucks does not worked
It's all good when you can get on and not keep getting this error bull.  The error is this crazy app   PLEASE get your &$@? together.  This happens way too many times.  I'm just saying.
Never worked
Sent here for a video appointment. It does not work for this.
This app is completely lame! You sign in, and it logs you out right away saying for your security reasons die to inactivity! Makes the app completely useless! I'm going to have to uninstall!
does not work with Fire HD8!
Defective. Crashes every time I try to compose a message to my doctor.
Crowd stupidity on. Your parts.
Utter garbage, barely functional, hangs, times out on some operations ("questionnaires" section every time). It also just cancelled ALL of my upcoming appointments when I was specifically cancelling only one. Absurd... pull this trash off the app store until it is fixed.
Did not load.
It's not working please fix says system error
App keeps crashing
The app won't open.
If it would stop crashing be more stars
So far doesn't work. Kaiser called and asked me to make a video appointment for annual well-checkup. I loaded the app but it only lets me make an appointment for a limited list of symptoms none of which I have. Do I have to claim to have a sore throat or somerhing? Sometimes I don't even get that, just a blank screen.
Can't sign in.  Test your apps for accuracy before making them available.
app has not shown data for me in four months can't see my kids data i have been denied access 😡😠 frustrated that I can't get no answers from anyone.
This app is useless. It takes more then 2 times to log in and when it does it takes forever to load the info. I been trying to log in for past 1 hr to see messages from my doc but cant, even kp website isn't working. So frustrating
Worked great 2x then it failed over & over again. Too bad, had lots of potential. Uninstall.
App won't down load been in process for 15 min
Kaiser is criminal
Not good at all I tried it three times has work none of the time. Even the people who are trained to use it could not use it or health education. Called tech support 5 times got a call back on the 5th day saying that this was the second time they called. Was not even close to the truth.. rescheduled health education visit. Try my computer this time same result what a huge waste of money and time. Kaiser has to find way better programmers. Every time the programmers update the software. I need to change my login ID and password. Throw this out it's a joke. The time is 5 p.m. tech support was going to call before this time just a mean evil joke that's what this is
Can't get it to download on my phone.
Dif. To use, dif. to log in, directions make no sense....HATE it!
it won't load.
Previous version was fine.  Now can't connect or load data.
NOTHING WORKS SAYS ERROR WON'T LET ME BOOK APPOINTMENTS KEEP HAVING TO LOG IN WON'T LET ME SENT MESSAGE TO DR
Continuously shuts down when logging in.
Garbage! Everytime I sign in despite using the correct password I get locked out, a process that takes an act of God to fix
A couple of months ago, I downloadied my doctor app. It didn't work and I uninstalled it I tried again this morning and still not working. When I tried to make an appointment, It stated no appointment scheduled. 😳 I kept trying to make a appointment..I cannot convey my concerns to make an appointment. There were a few choices that doesn't apply to me. I used one of the choices just to get through and it frozed Uninstalled again 👎
Had this app a month now and still has never worked worse app ever
This app sucks. I used it to email my doctor. After typing a long message, I hit submit then this app took me back to the sign in page. I signed back in to check if my email went through but it didn't. I hit the "Home" button and guess where it took me? To sign in again. I had to do this about 4 times before I completely was over it. This app is useless.
no pain
Can't stop this app crashing my phone
doesn't even load all the way. I think it did it once
Just like the regular kp app I cannot get past the login screen. This app doesn't even get me that far. I just open it and it instantly crashes. Please fix one or the other so we can use the apps!!!
SOOOO SLOWWWWWW! the other app is much better. let us NOCAL switch back
This app is a joke, really you can't find any appointments, anywhere, at anytime this year ...... please fire your tech staff and start over .....all of the tech for Kaiser is horrible.
No reason KP needs to access all this app days it will. Reconfigure so it only accesses the bare minimum
this app is terrible and often much of its functionality just doesn't work
try to use and it won't let me it is sorry
Won't let me email most recent physician .  uploaded twice it's useless for reminder.. Trying to get me to schedule test that is already scheduled.
I don't have a passcode and I can't get in. Now I just plan on canceling my Kaiser
Have had several appointments vdeo scheduled with no link attached. This shouldn't be that difficult and older.people are not able to do this. One step.only not the several that they have to do.
Never loads properly....can't read my emails. Have to sign In. 2 or 3 times. This app sucks.
HAS NEVER WORKED FOR ME.
Stupid
This app won't even open I tried turning off the my phone and turning it back on and it still won't work I'm deleting it
App crashes every time I click to open it; says click to restart app. Can't even use use it. FAIL.
wont recognize my login
Would not connect with doctor after 7 attempts still failed
the video chat overheats your battery and crashes your phone every time.
No good chrome has to take pics and record you and your doctors conversation in order to use.....straight evasion of privacy
App times out. app times out
Wrote to developer twice. No reply. Worthless app for this phone
Deleted. 🖓 I was not able to schedule specialty appts although my Doctor made referrals. I still have to call the depts to schedule appointment.
"Remember me" is broken. Atrocious video call quality and latency with both parties on fast connection.
Hat it
In creating this app it appears that you took a step backward in functionality from the national version. Hey how about getting  it functionally correct in a national app, then add enhancements for where your men is based in.   Hey novel idea huh.
Not sure if this is the app's fault or the doctor. I was on hold for an hour on video chat. There is no way for doctor to let me know they were not able to get a hold of me. The people that took my contact information still gave the wrong information to the doctor or did not update my profile. I have to reschedule my appointment for tomorrow. Which is an inconvenience, but I can live with it.
I get this error message "An unexpected error occurred" when I tried to enter a verification code. The is no way to contact the developer here or in the app.
Did not work
I havent used this app yet and I don't know if it's new or not but I wish I would have known about this app before I got covid.
There is no reason for this app to be on while I'm sleeping, running my battery down. And theres no way to temporarily disable it overnight. User settings are non existent. Waste of data space. Delete. You are better off counting sneezes.
This is an RETARDED DUMBASS APP. They should just call it NAZI Ghestapo Spy All.
United States Military , Covid Defence?
Useless
If people knew what this app does and is actually used for, they wouldn't download it. All I'm saying. I downloaded just to leave this review. I will now uninstall this government tool.
NAZI APP. This is how the nazis kept track but instead of an app the jews had to wear a star. What next? Arrest people for disagreeing with the politicians? La governor is a puppet of Xhini The Phu
Read the privacy policy - it tracks a lot of data (mostly related to sex and menstruation, but also location...why?) for a number of purposes, but one is to "prevent illegal activity". No. You can't have data and then try to get your users arrested for something related to their reproductive attempts. If you're worried about human trafficing or use of the app by minors address it in a way - one that isn't a blatant violation of ethics. The privacy policy is otherwise dicey at best.
Need to make it rotate
App was doing great. Now every pic I take of my tests its blurry and unreadable. Same with my friends phone too so I know it's not my phone. I'm deleting the app for good. Waste of time!
I can not get this app to open at all! I've uninstall and install 5 times! What a waste!
After installing, it kept trying to install more apps and showing things in another language. Seemed super sketchy so I deleted it.
I've had this app for about a month and a half and can't recommend it. This morning I received 3 phishing attempts disguised as app notifications. Very disappointed.
Loved this app until they DELETED ALL OF MY HISTORY IN THE APP! NEVER USING AGAIN.
Really needs to stop turning my Bluetooth on. I've even turned off all Bluetooth capabilities as well as turning off this specific app's permission, and yet it still does it. Going to uninstall. Would've been a fantastic app otherwise. UPDATE: I kept using this for a few days before deleting it. When I went to view my test strip gallery, it was gone. The app just randomly deleted it. What's the point of saving the pictures for you if it just loses them without warning? Down to one star!
Useless app.... 😠😡
I am trying to make a account and the app keeps on giving me a error saying connect timeout. Can i please get help?
I am mostly satisfied with the app's tracking my cycle. I am furious that something as private as an ovulation app is reporting my activity without explicit consent to Facebook. Gross misuse of personal data.
It doesn' t work because I didn't allowed the app to track my location. So I uninstalled it.
Received a spam message via this app
Does not track ovulation pictures very well when you're supposed to be able to take a picture of your test it gives you an accurate numbers back every time. It's a bit of a screwy app when it comes to helping you track your ovulation numbers.
Everytime I try to upload my tests automatically it says 0 value. When it's clearly a LH surge it'll say low value. You have to upload them manually and even then it's still not right. I have to slide it to what the tests look like which is pointless. The only thing good about it was the strips that were affordable. The FB group connected to the app... Well join and you see for yourself. It's not monitored at all people are rude, complain all the time and figh like they are in High school
was excited to use the app, downloaded it, tried to sign in 6x. Failed every single time, with the error message "please check network connection" i even restarted my phone twice and once shut it down and waited 5 minutes.
Was working well but now everytime I try to upload a photo the app closes and says it isn't working. It's no good if I can't upload my test results
বগার জাতি এপস 😡😠😠😠 বগার বগা হকলে বানাইছন।আসুদার বাচ্চাইন্তে কিতা দিছইন ইগুর মাঝে কোনো বাল বোঝা যায় না।বেকামা কেউ ডাটা নষ্ট করিও না।
Displays scam notifications leading to phishing sites.
I like this it really helpful
I keep getting spam notifications from the app today
Got a few spam push notifications from premom. One of them was about depositing money into one of my bank apps.
App keeps crashing, and the picture option for test strips (both in-app or uploading a pic) does not work. I see 2 very definitive lines, yet no matter how many times I retake the picture, it will not recognize the lines and give me a ratio. I gave 2 stars only because when it does work, the calendar is useful for tracking. **EDIT: I changed my review to lower, because the app just crashed for the umpteenth time and lost my info added today, which was my peak LH..changing everything.ugh!
Doesn't recognize any picture I take even if it's clear as day in good lighting.
What a freaking joke tried signing up and apparently it doesn't like my email 😂 and I'm not going to go out of my way make a fake email just to get an app
App worked great for months until this week. My entire month of Octobers data has been erased. Very unhapoy
Not user friendly. The recent update is glitchy and stalls out. The only thing good about the app is the photos you can take of the different tests.
The amount of pop ups lately is RIDICULOUS!!! stop scamming and saying you have $100 chase deposit for me!
Hate the update!
Hacked. Been getting spam notices for giftcard and deposits all morning. Uninstalled
App got hacked. It's terrifying with all of the stuff people store on their phones. I'm deleting it now.
Things was going good with the app, but this morning they sent a spam message about them sending me $980 apple gift card. I made a mistake and clicked it since well I trust the app and wanted to see what they meant and it took me to a website now im worried about someone hacking my phone smfh
I downloaded this app and i was never able to open it or login in it would freeze my phone i had to delete it.
I like it
The app was working fine but has been hacked. I am receiving cash app notifications & spam out of no where.
Honestly this app is really not worth it I had a clear as day positive opk took a picture to log it and it says "0" chances of it being positive or something along those lines would not reccomend for anyone trying to conceive
Had to delete as it kept turning my Bluetooth on. ! Annoying!
Receiving spam notifications as of 12/8/2020
Offline view band kar diya accha nahi hai
Been using this for 2 years and still not pregnant
I've had to switch to another app because a couple days ago the app glitched and increased all my recorded temperatures by an entire point and it messed up my cover line. I'm super disappointed as I spend time and relyon the app. so frusturating.
Stopped working after recent update
Terrible!! Showed me im ovualting in 4 days and then i already even ovulated throwing me out this month! Playing with pple.. this app is fake!
App won't open after update! I can't use it or even log it i keep getting different error codes i even tried on my husband's phone.
What a terrible app, it froze immediately and its stuck there. Literally unusable, when i restart the full phone and everything its still stuck there...
Suddenly started sending spam notifications that make me worried about security and whether or not our data is being sold to sketchy places.
all of the data I'm inputting keeps getting wiped out. nothing gets saved!
FIX THE BLUETOOTH ISSUE!!!!
This app has been hacked or something and is sending phishing notifications. Do not use EDIT: this has been fixed per the developer but I've never seen scam notifications like that in any other app. I'm not going to reinstall
Started getting spam and phish notifications.
why do you want my location? If you do not agree to share your location, you guys can not install this app.
App is not working. whenever i try to open this app its just stuck and takes long time to open I'm just not happy with this app at all.
I downlaod the app but it keeps on saying connection timeout when i i want to sigh up.
Security breach and spammy- not an internal error as customer serviceis claiming! Do not use, major security issue as your info is sold by Premom
Its baffeling to me why a period tracker would require Access to my media and photos and wants to record videos and access my contacts and and call records. DON'T INSTALL THIS APP IT IS A MEANS OF HARVESTING DATA.
Why is it necessary to have complete access to my phone inorder to operate this app!!!??? I don't feel comfortable with any one have control to my camera, speaker, pictures that's too much when is the functional purpose behind this invasion of privacy? Is there one?
Keeps sending me suspicious phishing notifications - security has clearly been breached. When reporting the problem I received an extremely low-effort apology with no real explanation or assurances. I don't feel like this is an app I can trust to take care of my very private data.
I've tried to report this bug in the app and the bug is stopping me from reporting the bug. Im trying to log my period and it just loads and loads and never saves, same thing when I try to report the bug, loads and loads. I need to use this app or download data please help
App is complicated and terrible at reading levels. Does not matter if you upload test pics from gallery or take them from the app with the same lighting and background. Not at all user friendly. Also, do not join the FB group. A lot of women are so ugly, jealous, and unsupportive of other women in the group. Every other post is asking for line eyes on obvious BFPs. Save yourself the headache, trust me there are better TTC Groups on FB.
SPYWARE ! it should only ask for camera access once i want to evaluate the pregnancy test. buggy and slow to sync up with the thermometer...
Deleting after finding out they could have possibly shared my information. It's a good thing I ony used the app for a bit verse years. Also good that I won't lose any of my data as I have a back up app that I've used for 10 yrs. Horrible that y'all would do something like this!!! I will be sure to NOT recommended this app or any of your products!!
I can't use since I won't let the app have my location. Sounds fishy to me so I uninstalled it.
Don't like the new interface or scam popup. Definitely don't feel like my info is secure.
Started receiving notifications for cashapp and gift cards
i constantly have to reinput when my period was and its so annoying!!
Interface unclear compared to other apps of the same type. Navigating between days is a pain. App cannot read LH tests, always had to enter it manually everyday. I could never find where to add HCG tests. Even with all that I never rated this app until today, when I got SPAMMED all day with this app saying things like "premom - we sent you 980$" or "premom - claim your 500$ cashapp gift card". (I dowloaded 3 anti virus, all said phone was clear, so it really seems to come from that app)
Can't upload photos. When i try to upload a picture of new results the photo won't refresh. They are only show old pictures even though when i go into phone gallery it has all of them. This is my second day using this app and already glitching.
I received a push notification that $980 was deposited into my Chase account (which I don't have). I deleted the app right away. Apparently Premom has been selling people's information. And now it seems that they have been hacked.
Nothing friendly, difficult to adjust basic settings. I'll remove this app from my phone
Registration reqd ☹️
I came download this and I used it before and loved but why can't I down load it now???
bad
dont use this app not correct information
Everytime I'm trying to upload a picture of my LH test, I get an error "failed to connect to network." I'm connected fine to the internet, the phone is up to date, the app is up to date. On the off chance it does upload, it'll upload upside down. I rotate it to the correct area and it gives me an LH of 0, even after making sure the T and C lines were lined up properly. I tried not rotating it and making sure the T and C lines were lined up and get an LH of 0 even though there are 2 dark lines.
Not user-friendly, lots of ads
when I tried to open the app it says something in Chinese and then goes to the settings page and it won't open
why do i have to force stop the app to keep it from running?
App seemed to be okay so far to track cycles and OPK. Just as I reached 6/9 months of the money-back guarantee, the app seems to either have been hacked or it's some sort of scam. I got 2 notifications from the app about getting $980 and $500. The timing w/ the msg and free consultation at 6 mo. seems coincidental, but I've read this happened to others today. It's unfortunate if they got compromised, but if so they should at least advise. So far I've heard nothing from them...
I'd give it zero stars, prejudice against 40+ mom's, shame on you all!!!
Freezes on every page. Uninstalled and reinstalled several times. I give up.
Why do you need permission to use my camera?
Worked great for the first week now it won't load at all, just keeps saying connection timed out. I don't have any problems with my wifi or data. Tried uninstalling and reinstalled but still same issue.
This app as a whole isn't bad, bit I have to give it a one star because all of a sudden, out of nowhere, it is giving notifications for CashApp and Chase Bank. I don't mind in-app ads, but this is new. These ads are new and deceptive: "Claim your $500 CashApp gift card" "Chase Bank: we sent you $980" NOPE. NOT COOL.
Sells your data without being upfront about it, and then sends you scam notifications about claiming your winnings through cashapp. I do not trust them any longer.
Was working fine, then stopped. Wants to have permission to install other apps, why???
The aap is not even opening. ZERO STAR should be given to the app. I am uninstalling it now. Waste of time.
The app pushes notifications on my phone, for a while it was fine but now the notifications say things like "Chase bank has just transferred you $980" or "Someone just Cashapped you $100"... So weird. For that reason I no longer wish to use the app.
The app can't take pictures of the strips, no matter what I do it's blurry and exposed wrong. Totally useless as a tracking device.
I don't like that it doesn't give me an option to deny taking pictures and video permissions to the app. Ifv I deny I can't open the app. That's not freedom. I don't think this app needs access to my audio and pictures then why should I give permission to access. Please let me use your app with my freedom to deny.
I don't know what happened, but as of this morning 12/8/20 I'm constantly getting spam notifications. I don't trust it enough to keep using so I have to switch to a different app. It worked well before though. Ex: "you're the billionth google search, click to claim your $1000 cash prize." Stuff like that 🙄
Can't open the app
I'm new to this app, as I was logging in it keeps freezing. I've tried to install it twice...but No go ☹️
I started reviving spam notifications from this app. And there has been a security breach within that exposed my personal information AND YOU GUYS ARE NOT DOING A THING ABOUT IT!
Started sending me spam push notifications! One that said "chase bank is sending you $900" or "congrats on winning $200 on cashapp". This is an app for people trying to conceive! This app must have been hacked or something. Regretting downloading it.
Horrible waste of money for the product. The app takes more time for the test strip to read than it takes to actually get pregnant. Had to take SEVERAL pictures in the so called easy green areas for it to finally read. This was the same tumultuous process for 3 days. Takes entirely too long. I'll just spend the extra money and get a digital one like I've used before. Disappointed 😞. All of the other feedback must not be for the Easy@home kit it says it's compatible with, since there were a few.
Well, I was going to use this app since I bought the lh strips. When I try to register, the white box with the loading wheel pops up and it just keeps spinning and spinning. It leaves me unable to use my phone. You can't close the app out or do anything because the wheel won't go away. The phone has to be restarted. I allowed what permissions it asked for and I downloaded it straight from Google Play, so it should be the latest version. So unfortunately I'll be uninstalling this app.
At first it worked great but test is not working at all now. For some reason it keeps saying "0" when I take each test so I'm unable to track when I ovulate...
Very disappointed. I use this app all the time but accidentally logged out today and now can't get back in. So I deleted the app to install again and now I can't open it at all! So sad to think I've lost years/months of data ☹️
Something is very wrong with this app. I think it got hacked and was showing me notifications taking me to bogus phishing web sites. And it has storage and camera permissions. Extremely dangerous. UPDATE: Thanks for the quick repsonse but I dont think it is very convincing. Does this mean, you knew about this ? What was going on, and how is it fixed ?
This low rating is to bring developer attention. I received a notification from this app that said "we sent you $980" which was obviously confusing. I clicked on it and it opened a scam/spam website in Chrome. This is unacceptable -- please fix! I'll update my rating then. In all other ways, love the app, 5 star.
Won't open. Was working great. But now I'll lose everything I was tracking once I try to reinstall it! And even after reinstalling. It not working!
waa excited to use this but it froze my phone.
Does not connect - Pixel 4
App frozen will not load HTTP error 502. And I have no issues with internet on phone nor with any other app.
Sold our data and scamming now. How horrible of a company to do such a thing. This app is something that womxn rely on to try and conceive along with general health tracking and they took advantage of our trust. Deleting this app and deactivating my account now.
Still doesnt work - in response to my previous review, where you must not have read my issue as you told me to "reboot my phone." i had to do that twice just to get it unfrozen after this app messed up the phone when trying to set it up. and yes, my phone is up to date. It is a Note 9. I will just stick to Fertility Friend and Ovia. no issues with those.
It will not even allow me to download app. I am bummed because I was very excited to use this along with my opk strips
I think there might be a bug with the app, all day I've been receiving push notifications that Premom sent me money or something. I had to uninstall it to get rid of that. What's going on?
App broken half way through my 1st cycle
Cool
Camera is very finicky. Takes almost 5 mins to even start up. So make sure you have the app open before doing anything.
It was great for a while until I got a bunch of scam links sent to my phone from it. Now I question how safe this app is which really sucks bc all of my tracking has been stored on here for 4 months but uninstalled the app.
Spam ads! I woke up to several notifications that "$980 has been deposited into your Chase account" by this app. When I clicked on the notification, it went to one of those spammy "congratulations! You won!" Fake sites. Now I'm concerned my data has been compromised. Really disappointed.
Terrible don't use, They sold my details including my phone number to Chinese places now been getting 10 scam phone calls everyday for over a month because of it. Google for yourself!!!!!! Thankfully I found out through the News that it was these who had done it
This crappy app is so hard to navigate. And it just adds cycles without consulting the User!! And it won't let me edit it! I could scream!!!😤😠😡🤬
This app was great until, as others mentioned, it would not open without allowing it to download other apps to your phone. No thanks! Sounds fishy to me. And now I have almost a year's worth of tracking data lost. Grrr. I hope they fix it. But for now, I'm sucking it up and buying a paid fertility taking app instead.
I sign up but i cann't access the app
Started getting pop up ads outside of the app.
I just bought the Easy@Home basal thermometer to use for natural family 
planning, and upon installing the app, I was annoyed by the "permissions" 
required. I don't want an app that can install other apps on my phone, and 
I don't think location is necessary for monitoring my temperature. I 
deleted it from my phone and will use the thermometer without the app.
This app is hacked by somebody. It keeps sending me bunch of links and fake prize notifications now. It never did this until this morning. All info has been breached with this app! Never using this again! Reported!
Deleted after receiving a scam notification about a money transfer last night. I have other apps that don't sell my data and aren't being taken to court for it 🤷
I m tracking my cycle since May , and my period is on in the same date of the month.I use this app this month because I was using a ovulation predictor which suggested you to use this app. Having all my date in , they give me a totally different date day of ovulation which is wrong since I m tracking my period date and I know exactly when I should have my fertile window.
App isn't working as of today. Keeps saying "Connection Timeout" I've reinstalled and still getting this message. Very frustrating, please fix.
Junk! It doesn't open anymore. It just stays on the initial loading screen. I've tried uninstalling and reinstalling, and same issue . Very disappointed
I am pregnant.this app not better for me
Had to delete app, it started sending me spam notifications telling me they are giving me $500.00 never had an app spam me before.
Love it! I can say this is an honest app, Easy to use and it works!! Update***** I thought it was an amazing app since y'all delete my account, that means I have no record anymore.. so disappointed!!!
Terrible app. Never works. Unable to read any of the photos of the year sticks. Basically useless
Refuses to accept my email address, even when signing in with Facebook. 
Waste of data to download it.
bad
Was Brill until today I think I'm ovulating and can no longer log in! This could not of come at a worse time please fix it so I can log my data!!!
It started sending me notifications that I have won a $500 gift card over and over. Seems to be compromised.
I installed it again to track ovulation. It keeps having connection issues. In thought it was a internet issue at my job, but then i tried at home and still doesn't want to load. I've moved on to another app.
So disappoined.. I used this app for a year now.. But after the new look of the app it takes so much time to load and more over I am not able to edit my ovulation day.
I'm being sent notifications "Claim your 500$ cashapp gift card" on my phone. Yep. Uninstalling this.
I just downloaded your app after buying the easy at home ovulation kit . Your app won't let me sign-up . Continuously saying it's a network problem . But all other apps are working and I was able to download your app twice .
cannot complete registration. just spins and spins, or resets and tells me to check my network connection (which is working fine). After the spinning, the only way to back out is to restart my phone, which i did 5 times, and still nothing worked.
The app keeps crashing while trying to take pics of strips
Used to love this app until the update. I can't even get it to load now. What's going on??
Was amazing until update on 2/15/2020. Will not open after many times uninstalling and reinstalling.
Got hacked and leaked all my info!!
I've been loving this app but this morning I woke up to a bunch of notifications from it that were basically spam, saying "Chase Bank - We just sent you $980.00". Really annoying and makes me want to delete the app, makes it feel like something I shouldn't have on my phone
i cannot see this app on my home screen such a embarrsing
Horrible scam ads pop up in my notifications all the time from the app. Uninstalling.
I loved this app but I'm suddenly getting spam ads from them. I would get a notification from Premom that would take me to the app for no reason along with notifications saying things like "We just deposited $980 into your bank!" Or "We just sent you $500 on CashApp!". I clicked on the first one because I trusted the app and it opened the Premom app along with the browser and it took me to one of those lame scam sites that say "You're the millionth customer!" to try to trick naive people.
Keep getting a 502 error ever since the update...
App worked fine, but I have started to receive spam notifications from them that are saying to claim money.
Can't get it to work. I tried to upload my ovulation test results and it keeps sayung t/c is 0 even though I can clearly see the results and the test line is darker than the control. The only reason I installed the app was to check which ovulation test was my peak. Uninstalled since it's not giving me the info I wanted it for. I even tried using a photo from my picture gallery and it still said t/c 0.
So bad
Very good
App would not load/open
Keeps wanting to know my location... why in the world?!?!?! Update: Well in that case i wouldn't want to use such an app...
Uninstalled because I can't move it to my SD card and it's over 100 MB.
really wanted to like this app but its so inaccurate its ridiculous. i uploaded my peak day photo and it still puts it in as "low" every single test I took over 8 days was "low". the quality is terrible. thankfully ive been using a 2nd app Ovia and its never let me down. this app just seemed convenient since it has the test kit to go with but its not worth my time. id give it less then 1 star if I could.
Hacked!!! This app was great to begin with but this morning I woke up to differnt notifications about chase bank sending me money then got one about cash app. I had to delete this app because it is no longer safe.
I can't even pull up the app. It makes me so angry!
Freezing. Taking forever to update and save info
This morning I woke up to 2 phishing notifications from this app trying to get my bank information. So disappointing because this app was working really well for me otherwise but that is unacceptable
Issues reading tests
Possible data breach! Everything was great until today when I kept getting CashApp alerts from premom. I do not and have never had CashApp.
New Update Crashed App!!!! Can't access any of my tests or information.
Sending scam push notifications for cash app and chase bank. Will be deleting, and there is no way to export my data.
This app is so frustrating to use. I like that I can take pictures of my opk results but it's useless because in my situation, I have only had one period since giving birth. So I log it in and it calculated my next period to start 30 days after my last. Well, it's wrong. I actually had a positive lh surge result but I can't mark it as positive unless I edit my period info. Ok, cool. Except the only option I have is to delete the entire cycle. But I still can't mark it as positive because I don't have a period logged! So either I give then false information, which defeats the whole purpose of this app or I deal with the incorrect predictions and information. If you're on your first or second post partum cycle, DO NOT use this app. It's useless. As soon as I find another app that will allow me to take pictures and compare my opk results, I'm deleting this one.
Don't bother! False positives and upload same image to get different results..customer service are a joke and send generic responses and blame you for not having white light ! App is now deleted and will never recommend... absolutely wasted my time and impacted my journey THANKS FOR THAT
Receiving spam notifications about claiming gift cards or "You've received $980 from xyz Bank" which is a bank I actually use.
It keeps sending me "app money" today, it looks like scam. Has this app been hacked ?
Disappointed and disgusted. App was okay, liked that the thermometer synced to it. However, premom now sends push notifications for "cash apps" and scams basically. In addition, terms and conditions were updated Oct. I missed this but read them today. Pre mom collects and uses our data. Health data and personal info as well. uninstalling for good today. No way to pull your logs either btw.
Ended up with an unexpected spam message via this app which crashed my phone. Not happy. App function itself was useful while trying to conceive.
Terrible! Worked good for the first few weeks. The app let me log a few days of ovulation tests then the app started to malfunction. I deleted the app and reinstalled it multiple times and it keeps giving me an error and won't let me access my account! This has happened at the worst time! Right when it is most essential for me me track the results of my ovulation tests! :(
Not useful not easy to use
I'm getting scam push notification from this app?! One notification I got said I had been sent money.....
I was enjoying this app and then all of a sudden it logged me out and is now saying it doesn't recognize me at all... It basically refuses to work now which I'm in the middle of round 2 of treatments and now all my data is lost
Always out went to take picture...
It's been acting up and wont let me add any thing to it. I used to love the app now not so much
Always has issues logging in
I got this app to go with the easy@home OPKs I ordered cause I love the idea of having an app be able to read the test and tell me if its low, high or peak without spending a million bucks on advanced OPKs. it's a great idea. however this app NEVER works. every time I take a pic of my test I get an error message. no matter what I do. where I take the pic. how much lighting there is. what the background is. how far away I hold my phone. its ridiculous and annoying.
Was a great tracking app and then it started giving me spam notifications like "cash app notification, we sent you $900." Or claim your $600 gift card.
It started good of me but now it would let me log in. Iv lost months of tracking and I am having to start all over again. I cant believe iv lost everything.
Scam warning, do not download!!! I've been using it for two months to help read my tests. There was something about it that gave me limewire vibes from the beginning so I didn't input any other info aside from taking pictures of tests. Sure enough this morning I had PreMom push notifications on my phone saying they were trying to send me $900 via Cash App. Both the app itself and a security warning from my phone showed the same message. My phone said security threat.I uninstalled it immediately.
Not accurate on ovulation
Logged my details and they all got wiped and now I can't log my periods loads of poo
I am unable to create an account. It keeps telling me I have no connection when my Internet is working just fine.
I just installed but I can't give permission to view my photos and other files or any record... So I have to uninstall as I cannot able to access
Edit: This app is spammy! Woke up to cash app notifications this morning. Not the first thing that has been suspect. Deleting asap!!!!! So far, so good! Been using for a few weeks now and it is helping me understand my body and hopefully it it have a positive outcome sooner than later!
Needs an update, says there is an update and then when I try and update it, 
it tells me problem parsing package. Please update and fix this.
This app is pretty rubbish, it won't let me edit anything. Trying to log my period and it keeps logging it as ovulation 😤
I only wanted the app for the temp charting because I got their awesome thermometer. Unfortunately, the app cannot be opened unless you let it access your camera and files. Big disappointment. What's worse is their privacy policy does not create confidence that they won't sell your data. I suggest you thoroughly read the privacy policy before you download this app.
no use
The camera option does not give accurate results and they sent through a post notification for a scammy cash app. According to the Washington Post they are also asking data to Chinese companies.
Not a secure app.
Fix this! The app turns on my phones Bluetooth even though I didn't give it permission to even access my Bluetooth.
Started getting spam notifications from this app about prize money. Didn't feel safe keeping it on my phone. Something was definitely wrong.
This app used to be great until the update. Now it's a 90% chance it won't even open... time to move on.
Not being able to open the app anymore is what made me uninstall it. It was a really great app before :(
ok
Spamming notifications about sending money!
It's not right
The app is totally useless. It won't even allow me to create an account. You have the fields for username and password, but the keyboard doesn't pop up. This way they force you to connect with your Facebook account, so they can have access to all your information.
Used to like it but it has stopped working completely. Won't even open.
Used once and now it says bad gateway on the top of the app. Wont let me do anything.
I had the app for a couple of years and never had to upgrade. With a new phone, I had to install the new version. It's abhorrent. Instead of the big letters with the CD count, there's a useless huge graph and you have to search for the most basic information in tiny letters. Now that I managed to change my ovulation day, the app says "go have sex!". In the market for a new app now.
I have been using this app for the last 7 months, but never have the correct information.
Lies
Keeps crashing since update. LOVED it befre but cant even use it now
What is wrong with this app, after installing this app it can't open again, please fix this problem quick .
It keeps making me retake pics of ovulation tests. says token not valid, what ever that means. This happened ever since i installed their stupid update. N before this i could take the same pic n upload it n get different results on ovulation graph. Im not Happy with this app anymore. Or their tests.
The app should only require location services if the user wishes to connect a bbt. To be clear, I do not use premom for recording temps. The app always requires me to force stop it, which makes me wonder what its doing in the background all the time.
great idea for an app if it didn't crash all the time
not helpful
to install this app, why do u ask for permision to tske pictures and record videos. i uninstalled cuz makes no sense. explain to me why and ill reconsider. such scams
App was great until the update that required allowing unknown apps to download. Not happening. Uninstalled.
Error code 502 bad gateway , have tried re-installing but error code still present
It all sounds really promising but I can't even sign up. I reinstalled the app numerous times but it seems like it won't work for me
My ovulation tests have been reading low numbers. So I had my husband download the app and use it as a guest account. How is it possible my test reads .31 on my phone and account and on a guest account with MY SAME PHONE and test reads a .37? Shouldn't the information be the same?? Very disheartening because it leaves me confused and unsure of what my numbers are. I took multiple to ensure this was really happening. I'm not sure how I feel using this app anymore.
The app keeps freezing .....
Why does this app need access to your contacts and high accuracy gps location?? No thanks!
"If you've felt stressed recently, this could be impacting your hormone cycle...Cramps are not normal. They are a sign of an underline reproductive problem." First you tell me not to get stressed and relax and then you tell me I'm probably infertile?! No app is qualified to make this kind of statement, I am disgusted!
Please update app. The app was updated and now take five minutes to open. What the heck? It was so good before and opened quickly. What did you guys do? Edit: I have killed the app over and over. I have uninstalled and reinstalled (probably about 10 times), I have cleared the cache and storage, I have force stopped. NOTHING has worked.
I bought the product on Amazon first before I installed the app. Unable to use your app because I denied the app the usage of my media, pictures and recording files. I don't see the need as to why you have to have access to those files in order to use your app. I currently use other similar apps that do not require the use of other programs on my phone. Going to uninstall immediately.
Won't let me sign up or anything, have tried deleting the app and reloading it twice as have read really good reviews about the app.
Worked completely normally for months and I loved it, but a few minutes before I'm writing this it just gave me a notification saying "Chase Bank: We just sent $980 to your account." Knowing it was suspicious, I opened it in a VM and it redirected to one of those CLICK HERE TO WIN BIG type spam malware ad sites. EDIT: 'errors' are incorrect notifs, not fully programmed and pushed dropdowns that lead to "win-your-prize-now" dot com. do you guys own a phishing site too? too suspicious.
This app is spamming me to accept bogus "cash prizes". I've uninstalled, and will be choosing another brand for fertility tracking.
Will be deleting as soon as this cycle finishes, since the app added malware to my phone. You will get a "Premom" notification and when you click on it it'll take you to a chrome malware "congratulations" site. Extremely disappointed because the app is useful.
I've had this app for 3 days and today I've updated it and Uninstalled reinstalled multiple time and the app isn't working. I'm trying to document my cycle and it isn't working.
horrible
Started trying to scam me this morning. Uninstalling immediately.
I downloaded this a few weeks ago and it has been good but today I am trying to log my ovulation test and the app won't load and it times out.
What's up with the Spam you guys sent out 3 days ago?
Loved it but app started sending me phish notifications. Hope they get it fixed.
The app doesn't even open. it just crashes, goes to App Info, and displays something in an Asian language.
Well I DID like this app, until I guess the latest update now they're sending me notifications about how to earn cash? So spammy, did you guys get hacked?!
The app started lagging bad. Wouldnt take good photos. So I uninstalled and re installed and LOST 4 MONTHS worth of info. I logged in and it said (your period is 85 days over due) :( I'm in full tears
Use full
It keeps saying that it cant read my test results even though i have taken clear pictures
Wouldn't open, crashed my phone
This app has been hacked. Received sketchy notifications today from Premom Chase sending me $980 from chase. Uninstalled immediately. Now I don't trut Premom.
The app requires location access in order to connect to the bluetooth thermometer but I don't have a bluetooth thermometer and I don't track BBT right now (did for years, don't want or need to atm). I don't see why I cant use the app at all without location on.
I got a notification from this app that $900 had been deposited into my Chase bank account... It appears to be running malware in the background. Not sure why this is happening. Planning on uninstalling after this review, not trustworthy.
So annoying! I enter my data one day, and the next day it's gone! Months of data gone ..... uninstalling this app ... too frustrating!
I have to manually put in my results and every month when I do ovulate I have the most trouble putting my results.
My app crashed and now I see this: "HTTP ERROR:502". I had 4 cycles tracked for the guarantee program and now I'm afraid all my data is lost!!! I've done the opk, bbt i have notes written too!! I have so many quantitative ovulation tests and now I don't have the app to use it with!!! I'm suppose to be ovulating in a few days and now this?? Update i got a reply from Premom that the app was fixed. Yes i can see that its back to working again... however ALL my notes, opks, bbt are still gone.
Why can't use this app offline? Bought device to find out that. Also why access to location needed? Sort this stuff out!
App won't open unless I give it permission to see my location and allow it to take photos and record videos. 1. why does a fertility app require that information 2. is anyone really dumb enough to allow an app these permissions.
Was a good app until now won't load pass the main loading screen. Cannot access the app at all. Uninstalled and all and still nothing. Ridiculous especially when in fertile window trying to log symptoms and tests.
I was really into the app. I uploaded pictures, I input data from my past 3 cycles (which took some time) and today all of it is gone, even the pics. :-[ I tried everything and it's just gone. Another turn off is the inapp purchase. Some apps analyze your data for free but miss some features like uploading pic and test. Disappointed.
The app itself it handy however the notifications for "$500 deposit made to chase account" and other spam notifications that take you to random sites that steal your information. I dont need to wake up to 4 notifications about 4 different scams "deposting" money into bank accounts and cash app etc. I don't know why an ovulation app even needs to pair with anyone for notifications like that.
Unfortunately the app wont even let me create a account, as it will not accept my very simple e-mail address.
Why does an ovulation app need access to my contacts and microphone? If you deny it access it doesn't open. I'm not one who denies permissions frequently, but it seems excessive to want so much info when all I need to do is pee on a stick.
Stopped working after last update, and doesn't progress beyond opening screen. Kind of a big deal for people trying to conceive since the surge can be extremely short-lived.
Not too good on my phone
I think this app has been hacked. It gave me a notification that they deposited a large sum in my bank
Suddenly my account has been bound, and my 3 months data gone!
This app suddenly started spamming my phone this morning!
updated today not cant gain access my my page ..... have uninstalled and reinstalled and not working now
Inaccurate and cumbersome. Unable to override predicted ovulation day. If you ovulate early, it is an easy fix; however, if you ovulate later then predicted, it app will always tell you have you already ovulated. You can adjust the day but are fiddling with the app until you actually ovulate. The app have a place to input our test strips; however, it dose not seem to use this information when predicting your ovulation date. Must have an ovulation date even on months when you don't ovulate. (no positive strips, super early period, no CM indication either). And yet, the app adjusted to my period tart date with marking CD5 as my ovulation date. This super early date was used by the app to predict the next month's ovulation date. It was way off, resulting in even more fiddling. Every months it seems the most important week of the month, the app is telling me I have already ovulated. It takes up to a min to open the app since the new update with even longer until the app settles into the right graph. Often time, taking a photo of the test strips results in a zero reading. This results to taking several photos in order to get a proper read. I do not trust this app and only use it to store info. With the latest update, I do not even input basic data anymore.
I'm always getting "502 bad gateway". I can't use it anymore... even after reinstalling.
all my logged periods and ovulation just got wiped and I have no idea why. I am still logged in and it shows all the symptoms I logged but all the other info is gone.
SERIOUSLY! This is to the response I got from my earlier review that I can no longer get logged in using my Facebook credentials....how many devices do you think I would put this app on, 10, 3 or 2? ONE device. This app is on ONE device. The fact that your reply was assuming I would put your app on multiple devices is cukoo. Your reply to my legitimate concern sounded very condescending. Then you tell me to email you all back by using the support tab within the app! HELLO! I can't get logged in
I have been using this app for almost a year to log my period and test strip data. I really like it but all of a sudden, all my logged period is gone and I needed this data for a fertility consultation. Soooo disappointed
Update: The most recent update to the app took away the request to install unknown apps (with no explanation about what happened in the first place). I'm saving my data now that I can access it, and finding another app to use. DON'T BOTHER INSTALLING. Like others have said I. The past couple days, I loved this app until the most recent update which now requests permission to install unknown apps from this app. That's sketchy af. Now I'm angry because I have lost all my data from the past 6 months. Hope the developers are reading this.
Because 0 isn't an option! Minor little bug, so they provided an update that in turn deleted months and months and months of data! A TTC nightmare!
The new app is buggy, dont bother trying to take a pic of the test strips fpr charting....if the pic ever reads, your strips will ni longer be accurate because it takes about 40 minutes to get one pic to "read"...very frustrating to use... And SLOW
Uninstalled! Safety concerns over spam notifications received and possible malware. Not happy!
Had to uninstall this app before even using it, couldn't use it without authorizing the app to access photos, take photos and videos, my position. I don't see how all these are relevant to my ovulation cycle!
Dangerous malware sells your personal data. Banned once by google and another ban coming soon. Imagine 2-3 Chinese companies now have access to your own pics and data.
Giving it one star because it's not even updated for a newer android and it keeps turning on my Bluetooth even when the app is completely closed. You have to manually force it to stop in apps.  This could be a really great app.
This your app is not easy to use,av been tryinv to intall since but all effor was nust in vain
Cant use this app
like it
why does this app need access to my contacts list media files and pictures in order to gain access? not gonna happen
To Slow
This app requires access to your photos, media, files, and permission to take pictures and record video. I cannot fathom why that is required for a fertility app.
Will not let me complete registration.
I'm so upset. This app is so nice! But this morning I received 2 spam notifications directly from it, saying that I've "been sent $940 from Chase Bank" including a malicious link that sent me to a "prize" website. Uninstalling immediately.
Can't sign up. It keeps telling me to check my network connection, but my connection is fine.
Kept turning my Bluetooth on for absolutely no reason,  all day every day.  Obnoxious and a waste of battery.
Had the app for a day and had to uninstall. Kept deleting all the data I put in. I save and back up and when I reopened the app to add more data, the data I previously entered had disappeared. Also don't touch my Bluetooth! Kept turning it on, killing my battery life. I don't use a smart thermometer! Waste of time and phone space.
It is not accurate. The value changes every time you take a new photo of the same test.
the app will not save the period days after hitting save it goes right back to what it was before I hit save
Been using this app for 3 years and it would be a 5 star rating however since the update the app is not able to open. I have tried uninstalling and reinstalling, still doesnt work.
Can't even open the app unless you give it access to: your device's pictures, media, & files, to take pictures & record video, & your device's location. I just wanted to check out the app, to see if it's something I'd like/want to use... but not going to give up my privacy in order to do so. And my location? I read through the app's description & cannot find a reason why it'd need my location. Please explain this. I know I'm not the only one wondering about that.
Very bad, it should be removed online
The app overall is ok but I had to put in a random cycle length to be able to use it at all. I didn't know this as I'd just come off contraception and wanted to use the app to understand my cycles before TTC. Now I know I've edited the info on my account but it refuses to accept it - all my future periods and cycles are still wrong and I can't change it. It's made the app redundant Edit: reduced rating further after developer reply. The app isn't for you if you're figuring cycles out before TTC
On the 3rd day of using it it wouldn't load or let me log in at all. In any case while using it it just went off of when I should be ovulating.
Once I sign in, the app freezes while trying to open multiple screens.
Used for 2 months. Wife is pregnant. Totally not our fault. Definitely the apps fault. 0/10 will not rely on this app again.
I downloaded the app and was eager to sign up! Upon signing up, it wouldn't register my email so I couldn't even make it past the sign up screen! I'm very disappointed.
Just got totally spammed, they said they sent me money from chase and suddenly my account didn't exist anymore. Deleting now.
App won't let me open unless I give permission for my location. I don't understand why I would need to get my location for an ovulation calendar!
Buggy!! Works fine after you first install, but it wont open the next day. I'm trying to track ovulation - hopefully they can fix this issue!
Great app, however, Premom and the Facebook group they promote condone spousal rape as long as it results in a baby. Men are allowed to say no too. I have screenshots from Premom and the group.
App was working great. No won't open. All my info was on there and now I can't even open to see what it was to switch to a new app. 😡😡😡
Trying to make an account is impossible as the session keeps timing out even when I fill the details in 5 seconds!!!!
At first was OK but lately it changes from 3dpo to 4 day to ovulation it quite confused me now
Forced Update. Cannot use the app unless you update. Not enough space on my device and not enough money in the bank for a new one so I guess I'm just out of luck. REALLY messed up.
Every time it updates it loses all my data.
Forced updates. I dont want to update. You're holding my data hostage until I update & wasting mobile data until I do so. I also bought a basal thermometer from u guys, said it could sync, then after purchasing said the blue ones dont sync. Yet the amazon listing advertised it as being able to sync to the app. Getting a refund & uninstalling all premom affiliated apps.
Great app
Can't download the app from the play store. :( Just says there was an error.
Not getting what I want. All the time update without getting anything. The app is meaningless.
Nice
The new forced update will not install on my phone. I am 9 dpo and need my data 😵😒😒😒. So frustrating.
The test and this app are NOT accurate. I had to buy the expensive tests at the direction of my doctor anyway and it mislead me for months!
Force updates and it wont update so i lose access. All my months of tracking down the drain.
Since the Update i cant open the app
Requires data to even open! I am traveling and have no access to data every day so the app is not usable! Very disappointed.
For the past few months, no matter how dark the line on the test strip, the app keeps saying the reading the zero! It doesn't even adjust the predicted period date even though my ovulation peak happened a week after the predicted day. The most laughable/ironic aspect is, no matter what data you enter into the app, it will say "predictions have improved 100%". Very frustrating & annoying for people on sensitive time schedules, which is 100% of your customers! Ridiculous! Fix the damn app!!
I can't even use the app anymore. It keeps crashing. The whole app is frozen everytime I open it.
Can't get the app to install It will completely download then nothing :( sucks cause I really need it for my strips :(
Suddenly doesn't work anymore. Error 500
I like this app but for the life of me I can't read my test. Everything is so great but not being able to to the main thing it's intended for is very frustrating.
Accuracy10%
التطبيق لا يدعم اللغة العربية
When enable it. Always error.
Not working
تطبيق سباك للاسف، فكرة البوتوث غير مجدية تماما والناس اكثرها حذفت البرنامج لان فكرته غبيه وتستهلك بطارية وتحسسك انك مراقب على طول، اقترح استخدام تقنيه ثانية مثل تقنية شبكة الجوال او برقم الهاتف او اخترعوا شي زين
What types of phones is it working on ? Not working on galaxy A20s
ما يشتغل. يقول لا يمكن تفعيل اشعار الإصابات على هذا الهاتف
تطبيق غير مفيد.
التطبيق لايعمل اخوي مصاب وقربت عنده اقل من عشر امتار ولا عطاني تنبيه
Should be more developped
Bakwasss
The only reason i downloaded this piece of trash was so i could go and take the midterm exam it's a complete waste of time and space
Sspy
This app will work with Bluetooth which is useless service. If we off the Bluetooth service then it cannot identify the Corona effected person. This app will notify the Corona effected person only if the effected person register this app otherwise this app cannot recognize. Dear Developers. Please take into consideration and find a solution to overcome this issue.
Very bad
I have a person living next to my door, husband had tested positive. Now his wife is sick. I installed it today I didn't get any notification yet. Think baseless app. Am uninstall ing it after one hour
Its completely useless
Useless app .
Let's just say the high ratings are by "patriots".
Good idea,but corona cases in the kingdom will stop rising if yall stop being so ignorant..keeo ya damn ass at home
للأسف لا يعمل التطبيق على الجهاز هواوي ميت ٣٠ برو
garbage .
Doesn't work
Haruhhalita
Never received a notification even though I have been to hospitals.
Keep showing an Error Message : Something went wrong, Please try again later My phone is Huawei
আল আমি ন
لا توجد تواريخ متاحة الآن
Not working on samsung note 8
I work in the epicenter of COVID-managing hospital, among confirmed cases with very close contact, and I didn't have a single notification to date. As long as this app depends on any individual downloading and reporting themselves, it's as useless as it could be.
الفكرة حلوة .. بس عمليا ملهوش لازمة
Uselessly pointless.
Not good app because it rely on the bluetooth from other diveces to collect data
Even though someone declared he's Positive, IT DOESN'T SEND ANY NOTIFICATIONS. I TRIED.
Unfortunately, it does not work on my cell phone, Xaiomi Pocophone F-1. I managed to download it, but the "update" and the "enable" buttons are not responding.
لايدعم اللغه العربية واول ماتفتح التطبيق يطلب مني تحديث التطبيق وعند الضغط على ازرار تحديث لا يقوم بالتحديث ويظل كما هو فإما أن أقوم بضغط ازرار الالغاء او لايسمح لي بالعمل على التطبيق
please fix the issue: Alert Something went wrong, please try again later I get this when I try to share positive diagnosis
"Exposure notification isn't available on this device"
Unable to download
This app doesn't work it's a lie it is made to track people no country in the world has confirmed that covid-19 tracking apps work or have changed anything.
For me, this app is completely useless because whenever I sit an inch next to someone, I literally don't get any notifications about covid 19 exposures I might get exposed to.
تطبيق غبي كسمه
Always shows: Something went wrong, please try again later
تطبيق سيئ ولا يعمل
Dosen't work with my galaxy note 9
I have kept this app in my phone for months now. I only had 2 checks. What's the use of this app if nobody uses it?!
The idea of the app is good not just good super But the app is useless seemce only teachy people know about this and download this other ppl don't even know something like this even exists
It asks you to update and when I updated it, same message is there even if you click ok.
Muziqa
اليس هذا التطبيق خاص بالسعوديين ، لماذا جميع التعلقات بالإنجليزي
Iurr
TECOR
of
useless.
Unable to open the app from last 10 hours, its says error something went wrong please try again later
This app is really bad
Good
Not working verifaction code not sending i all ready try more then 50 tiime
NOT understand how TO use this app
I dont have internet data i use only wifi? This App will work offline? Like stc App?
How can I know that the person has corona virus.
Not opening
Waste app
Super
Ok
happy
Vidya
It's good my abs are getting better
Impossible for people who have my type of disabilities 🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Ok!
Nise
Wow
Very bad I have installed it but I do not have six packs very bad we have to ban it now😡😡😡👹👹
Worst
I love this apps
No matter how you put your weight and body fat it always gives you the same exercises for the same amount of time. The time the AI takes is much slower than the real person
Very worst ever I have seen
😓
Asome
This aap is only can week us i done it in all month and there is no much change in my body...
👍
A very helpful app for building muscle
Superbe
Timer is very very slow
Great app
6 pack Gym Phone myat min
Bhai mere to koi six pack nhi bne h abhi tk
Six pack in 30 Day is the best
I saw no results in my body
Nice it's help me make my six pack
You have to respect to persian languge
1 star for not having any Indian Language option in the app.
Worst
Vansh
Guys good
Hate ads that keeps popping up on my phone even when I'm not using the app.
Too much ads
Weak no work out like advertising
A good app, but shows FULL SCREEN ADS OVER OTHER APPS. It does it at a set interval. I would literally have subscribed to this, the app is nice to use to be honest, pleasant interface. Seriously it's one thing to have ads in your app, it's a disgraceful thing to drive ads as notifications, but it's a whole bloody other thing to periodically interrupt you even if the app is put to sleep with no permissions. If this is ever fixed I will use the app again.
Good
Pop ups
Came with malware which installed itself 5 days later without consent. A program called "Locker" will appear to "lock" your screen for you over the original lock screen Samsung Galaxy S10e. Highly suss. 👎
Intrusive unwanted pop-up.
Won't let me pick gender I'm a Male not female why do I have to do a female work out👎👎👎
Better apps out there with the same principal
OMG the pop ups are rediculous every single time u open phone and steadly while your using it-didnt even use it deleating who would put up with pop ups like that
A noob game
Fake reviews. The app is dreadful and is only for women.
Too many ads. And runs over other applications. Terrible experience
Full screen ads keep popping up all day randomly even when you don't use the app at all and there's no way to disable them even when you restrict the app in the settings.
Even though i enjoyed the every day workouts. When i downloaded this app it started messing up my phone. Everytime i unlocked my phone i received a ad and interrupted what i was trying to do on my phone. Ever since i uninstalled it i dont have that problem anymore.
S9 Samsung here. This app messed up my phone with ads and its slower now. Seriously im on FB and I get tabbed out to see an ad on this app? Trash
Exercises are for women. You can change gender
Very very disappointed with this app. It already messed up my Samsung phone. My phone alrrady has too many add and unknown apps that downloaded without my permission. Take my word and stop downloading
Don't like the ads that take over my whole screen. Uninstalled
It started putting ads when i wasn't even using the app
fake app m just sit on bench but it increases my walking distance.
Never used app
Trash. Tired of the app stopping. I start it, begin walking then don't hear anything for about 15 20 min so I click on it and it does the countdown as if it's just starting.
Not free.
I want to loose weight but it doesnt help that i have to pay to help me walk.
too pesty
Poor
It has a lot of bugs, either it does not measure my km, either it does not recognize the rhythm of the walking, either it disconnects from the gos
I downloaded this app a month ago, didnt get on with it so I deleted it, but the app failed to mention there was a £17.99 yearly fee that would be taken out of my account after a "free" 30 day trial even though the app wasnt on my phone, really not happy with this
I didn't claim to b premium why these guys deduct may account kindly return back may deducted amount.
after the second day it stopped working
refund
tried to update app since 10:00 am this morning. will not install 😡😡😡😡😡😡.
I am not happy with this App... I'm trying to cancel my 30 day trial, there isnt an option to do so within the App... I've read your response to others with this same problem, but you do not offer a clear solution... It would be quite helpful if anyone could tell me how to cancel the free trial... Thank u...
Don't know how well it is because it made we rate it before I even used it for the first time. Will change the rating once I get a chance to try it on
The Advanced level is not that advanced at all..and after that there is nothing else...no way to maintain your achieved level of performance. The guided instructions are limited to just .... GPS is on...GPS is off and how many kilometers done so far. No other guidance.
Not satisfied. At first the app asks you about your height and weight in imperial units without an option to change it to metric. Ok, let's edit my profile then. We'll, there's no option to edit your height there.
Lots of drawbacks
Automatically charged money from my account. Refund it to me
Beware...there doesn't appear to be a free trial. This app automatically had my credit card information on auto renewal and didn't ask. It all happened automatically with installation. Also, the map and recording of my walk stopped when the time ended rather than when I returned to my starting position. It felt wasted since it wasn't recorded.
Never used tried to cancel still got charged for the year waste of money
Does not accurately account for distance. I am walking at least 1 mi, but the app only records .3 or .75 mi.
They charged me without telling me and I have no phone number to contact them
I am unable to unsubscribe from this app during the free trial. Google play store does not allow me and i have had no response from app. developer. I do not want tk be charged for an app. I don't use .
Wont allow the most basic: just track my walk... No, you must adheete to a random "plan". And by the way, clickbait, you cant loose weight with exercise, only diet.
disappointed when you download and then have to pay😫
awfull charged for a year without telling me was under the impression it was free
Can't even use without a cc# not free
Bakwas bakwas
This is the best walking app i have used so far
waste of time! Every time you want to start a workout routine you must watch an Ad video! They're not even related to working out or even health! Unable to skip or get past it. I don't want to watch an Ad before my workout or to be able to use app! Highly NOT recommended.
Useless app. I started the workout with gps on but didn't actually walk, i sat on the chair whole time. Still the app shows distance walked even the area I walked on gps map and mention the pace also.
very very poor
It didn't work for my xiaomi mi a1 . No counters are working . It just said 
three two one and stopped.
Nothing is free
Can't cancel??? Anyone know how to cancel?
Walking for weight loss
Don't touch inaccurate by far to undue supscription on the play store click the 3 lines at the search box then subscriptions then click the app at the bottem cancel subscription and done
Charged for something I uninstalled weeks ago. Cannot find the "more" button to request a refund for a product I dont use. Outrageous.
You know, I typed in the GooglePlay search bar for a *FREE* walking plan app. Instead, all I'm getting is a bunch of stupid, brainless developers that only think with their pockets and not their brains. Are you really going to charge people money for a simple *walking plan*? Also- your ads do not give anything, so that's also redundant and useless.
I want a refund my kid downloaded this without my permission.
this app doesnt work at all. it doesnt deserve a star. i deleted it because it says im not walking at all. fix this or remove it forever.....
stupid thing constantly stops counting. if I wanted an inaccurate count I'd just guess.
It keeps saying my GPS is disabled when it's not so it won't register my walk. There's no way to contact support at all..
The app freezes and the screens darkens when I hit play. I paid for premium And got nothing. I have emailed and gotten no response. The free app worked!
No use
I loved that ✔
not nice
Unrealistic app
Horrible app
😭😭😭
What features does premium get you compared to basic?
Very bad app
App keeps stopping while I'm walking. Gives a poor experience
It charges you, without authorization. Be careful when installing. It 'll automatically charge you when free trial period is up.
Don't use paying too much on nonused apps need to get rid of a lot of apps phyllis ditto
payment
Always ask for payment Worst
waste of time.
Very bad experience...not working
I downloaded thinking that it was free and when I found out that it was just a trial and then I have to pay I uninstalled right away
Keeps freezing, almost daily. What good is a step tracker that doesn't track steps? Don't waste your time and money.
Does not include music with the walking. Not sure how to stop subscription.
I cant unsubscribe this...
Was made to give CC info for a free trial, after which it's 19.99 a year after downloading the app and disliking it there's NO WAY to cancel the trial subscription anywhere. Not cool!
it's not Free
i want a refund but cant find how to make a refund even though ive followed googles advice. took a payment without any warning
It might be ok for someone else, who may have a harder time pushing themselves. But I push myself pretty hard already when I'm walking without the app. Also, the app will stop recording when you're "done," even if you're not really quite done. This app was just not worth it for me. I'm better off just using Strava.
Is this app free or is dodgy one like others??cheers
Rubbish
Wrost
I deleted this app because it kept pausing during my walks. I was charged $25 for a subscription without my authorization. Now they don't want to refund me.
You have to watch ads to use. Not cool
Stopped counting down after a week. Not really free
My daughter downloaded this by accident I've been trying for a refund they took the money without warning and Google instructions arnt helping
I did not like this app it did nothing for me. I cancelled it and still was charged for the subscription.
It's ridiculous!! I paid for last year but I stopped using it so, forgot about it. But, last week automatically charged so, asked customer email regarding to refund ( I sent to abishkking@gmail 3times and north park.android) No one replies. It's terrible experience really horrible customer service!!!
I will be deleting this app. It should never cost to do what you can to keep yourself healthy. And today I couldnt use the app due to it not allowing me axcess without paying for it now. Which when you look up walking apps free, this app comes up. That is false advertising.
I uninstalled way before expiration date it still charge me and now they won't give me a refund!
would often not count my steps.
I want my refund back onto this card no one didn't give you authorization could take money from my account how long would it be to be back on there
didnt like it. how do you undubscribe?
Bad
i have a. had time. walking
Rubish app, does not counts well your steps...
INSULTING!EVERYONE IS PERFECT THE WAY THEY ARE!
I've got fibromyalgia so somedays I just cant walk I try to do at least 2000 steps a day. Some days I can manage more. But the problem is I know the amount of steps it take from one distance to another but your calculations are way out. You'll show half the amount and every app I've tried does the same thing. Please help.
20 bucks a year for a walking app??? You're crazy.
Good concept but not an accurate counter. *update* Has now randomly deleted all my progress after 10 weeks. Useless. Uninstalled.
Can you stop trying to take money out of my account. I haven't joined any subscription to .y knowledge. You have been trying on and off for a few weeks now!
Do not put your card or account details in this.I want to give it 0 star. The app is OK but the way they cut money from account almost looks like a scam! I deleted the app and yet the subscription money was charged. I tried to unsubscribe but there was no option so I thought deleting the app would do it. But since my credit account was charged I guess that doesn't help. Please tell me how to unsubscribe so this doesn't happen Next year! So disappointed! I want a refund!
This purchase was made by mistake. I want a full refund.
I could not figure out how to use this app.
I want to be able to choose the duration myself
OK
Very disappointed in the miscalculation of it trying to see how many km you walked. There is no way that a 100 meters all of a sudden becomes 1 km extra.
Its faulty you can be riding in the car and its says your doing steps and your not.
Terrible
The steps calculator isnt accurate
not upto the mark
Worst
It so bad
Cannot change settings to metric
Useful
Waste app Worst app . Its irritating me Iam anger on it Fake app Boyycot like this apps Showing wrong information 🆚🆚🖕🖕🚫🚫📵📵🔕🔕📵🚫🚫🤔👎👎👎👎😈😈😈😈😡😠😡😒😬
Not good at all was not accurate at all
App wasn't useful. I used the app twice and neglected to cancel before the auto-renewal. I contracted google play and they informed me that refunds had to be issued by the company. Sent two emails got no reply. This app hasn't been on my phone since day two. Very unprofessional.
Con beware
Worng apps not right lucation
Hello. I don't know how it happened but today I've noticed that Your application is stealing my money although I don't even have this application on my mobile. I must have clicked by accident something and my mobile phone subscribed it. I was charged 89 PLN not even knowing about it! Today I finished subscription. PLEASE LET ME KNOW IF YOU STOP TAKING MY MONEY FROM TODAY ON? I'M NOT GOING TO PAY FOR A YEAR FOR THE APPLICATION WHICH I DON'T EVEN HAVE ON MY MOBILE! ;((((( Margaret.
Pretty terrible. I was psyched. Gonna walk daily and lose weight. And I did. It clearly tells you about the 30 day trial and you'll be charged after that, if you pay attention. Problem is after you use it, you realize how poor it is. Everything in it is static. Can't change a damn thing. Tracking is pretty inaccurate and frustrating. Poor design. Also, THEY WON'T ANSWER YOU! THEY ARE IN SINGAPORE! THIS IS A SCAM! Find something else. They can keep my $20 bucks. I'M RICH BEAATCH!!!
worst app pl don't download money minded creators...hating alot
so dissapointed, and angry. This app charged me without any warning after the free trial. i was surprised when i got my credit card statement! you people charged me for one whole year subscription without warning me i even sent email to give me a refund but u didnt reply! this is clearly a stealing of money from the people !!! give me a refund plss!!!
Not free
GPS distance walking only if you stained in one place it don't work
it only mapped half my walk for some reason uninstalled and will try a different app
Walking for Weight Loss is a professional interval walking fitness plan specially designed for weight loss. Combining walking exercises with speed-up method, it can help you effectively burn fat and lose weight in a short time. This walking app suits different exercise goals and workout levels. It provides 3 difficulty levels of walking exercises. Whether you are a beginner or a pro, you can find workouts that are suitable for you. This walking app supports both outdoor walking exercises and
force to watch ad video everytime you run the app & you can't skip it even if you do not like the advertisement video.
I can not get Tamil music and it's not motivating to me feeling bad for this
This app is not accurate at all. Went on two walks today, both on the same route and got *completely* different results. Would not recommend.
Very dissapointed
not required
charged me 17.99 automatically and I didn't know that would happen! not very clear! I definately would not have downloaded it if I had known!! bet there's no refund neither even though I haven't used it sort from looking at it!
Very Misleading👎
Did not read any where this was a paid app.
You only get a 30-day trial. Why bother doing this if you got something to sell sell it if it's free Let It Be Free. Honestly when apps do this now I don't even give it a chance. I give my 1 star review and uninstall it immediately
Rubbish
Paid app uSe less
THIS IS SCAM !!! SASABIHIN HINDI MAGBABAWAS SA CREDIT CARD NYO PERO ONCE NAGINPUT NA KAYO. BABAWAS SIYA WORTH 1,050.00 !!!
its not a free app. paymnet is required. those who are lookung for free option this is not
Uninstall. Didnt have a voice telling me when to start or stop, didnt have 
a moving timer, I had to pause to see where I was and to stop it. Didnt 
work for me.
Again the one about half a dozen apps all by the same producer a Moonlighting under various names. I'm not sure why this is allowed. My problem with all of these apps is that I cannot exit out of them and they continuously track you.
Can't even put the initial profile into metric, no idea what lbs are... Am uninstalling
Took £18 out without even asking. Disgusting
They will charge you without the knowledge or permission
No es bueno no sirve
Not only
What is this?
we need to pay so much just for a walking app..........money not worth it
scam
I have not subscribed to this app but its got auto debited from my account. I lost my money. no one responding to my mail
Want to uninstall..please help
Ich habe nur runter geladen.dann später gelöscht. Aber gestern von meine Konto Sie haben 19.99 Euro gebucht.wie so? Das ist nicht korrekt.höffenlich Sie geben mein Geld zurück.ich habe nicht mal 2 Tage benutz.das ist unglaublich... ich verstehe das nicht warum???
Not good that you have to pay for a app just to Lose some Fat
Sir, today 31/10/2019 I have download this app. as I am not satisfied with app. I have cancelled it. i. e on 31/10/2019. Though the trial period is upto 30/11/2019.I hope that you won't debit yearly subscription from my credit card. It is not worth for any star rating, I have given one star otherwise the option for post open it.
How do I delete my subscription? I dont want to give permitssion for charching my account. There isnt an option in the app to change that, but im reading that they automatically charge your account. How to stop that?
I WANT MY MONEY BACK!! THIS APP CHARGED MY CARD WITHOUT ANY NOTIFICATION!!!
Terrible app. Doesn't work well
Waste of money.
Lags etcbetter apps then this one
This app sucks!!!.. a total waste of space. I would not reccomend
This app is not my use.... Even I don't want to use it. My payment is automatically debited from account so I need process of unsubscribe from this app. I didn't want to lose for money. Pls reply
I subscribed to premium a while ago, but the app does not recognize it, 
asking me to resubscribe. I've contacted the developers, but they seemed to 
have something better to do. I've literally done everything to get the 
premium working by contacting Google help, reinstalling the app, and 
contacting the developers. So as you can see it's a bit frustrating to say 
the least.
Can't close app. Stays open unless force closed
Took £17.99 from my account and I don't even have the app on my phone as I deleted it as wasn't going to be beneficial to me. I have emailed them and had no response and I can't get my money back. Totally ripping people off.
Rubbish. GPS function especially rubbish.
Another trial app. It sucks. Not free
This app is not for an advanced walker. Should only Target beginners.
they charge you without notice or consent. i had to select 1 star but it should be 0.
Taking too much battery
Deactivated acct bf my free trial was over. Still was charged the $20. Emailed company. Never received a response. :0)
Horrible walking app
Ap is listed as FREE, NOT free
Free trial for one month and they are asking for t credit number before the trial period? ????
Very bad
with out confirmation money deducted from my account please let me know how can I get back my amt I m not at all using this app
Time wast
this app is terrible it is a virus if you guys don't know sorry I can't remember your name from my third grade class which is my teacher I remember your name Miss man with two n n and this app actually does never work I tried it and it never worked and I have been walking over like 10 minutes and it's way terrible you don't want to see my results
Fake
Takes your money then does not work and keeps asking you to upgrade. Do not use.
I have attempted to contact you regarding cancelation before I was billed. I reached out 2 times and no one responded and today the charges were taken out of my account. Please contact me and remove those charges.
This app is garbage
This app sucks
This app cheats. they hv 30 day free trial. when I opted for a free trial, 50 Rs were cut from my acct. what kind of a free trial is it?
I dont intrusted this app plz dont cut my money plz i deleted this app
doesn't track EVERY step.
Installed this app to have something encouraging to boost my walking exercise. Well the app has major errors, it doesn't calculate distances properly. After walking for 30 min it says one has walked only 0.15 km or similar. Messaged the developer, but didn't get a reply. It doesn't pause automatically when one stops for any reason, one has to manually pause it and restart it. Finally, would be nice if it has an actual human voice instead of a robotic computer voice. Don't pay this! Uninstalled!
do you need to pay for the app
Couldn't use it for constant ads popping up.
I'm trying to unsubscribe from the trial and cancel any future payments and am getting absolutely no reply from these guys. UPDATE - I've still heard nothing from the developer about cancelling my subscription. Is this some kind of scam? UPDATE - still no reply desire repeated attempts to contact. My cc was charged today but my subscription doesn't show in Google Play
I never even used this app and was charged for it! Disappointing.
Time wast
You should never pay to use an app to do what you want to do by walking during this whole pandemic to still be active. you need to fix your GPS signal because I have a strong signal on my phone and never have an issue with any other apps that I use , but this app continually has issues when I walk by saying GPS signal lost fix the problem until then I will be deleting this app.
Exercise doesn't shed any pounds! Many studies have shown that for weight loss, working out has almost no effect.
Not tracking route therefore miles walked incorrect
How to remove subscription from app or from play store. M not able to do it Don't have any option to remove subscription.
Nice
I hated it alot because i followed everything it said but it didnt work out
DO NOT download this app! No warning when your free trial is done, then charge $25.99 CAD for a year for a terribly executed algorithm that can't even keep up while you are using it.
Another useless app ....!!
Most ridiculous app. Never new I had to pay for it. Never used it and then one day they STOLE MONEY out of my account.
Not free payment based app
gps goes when in pocket. no option for using steps. so does take that into account. the tripple energy used and the distance n speed.
Borring
I was using this app until I got a new phone and now I can't transfer to my new phone even though I pay for it to my new system even though I paid for it
GPS not found!.... inaccurate and doesn't records location or distance accurately because GPS signal not found
You didn't mention 30 day trial then automatically charged. SCAMMERS!
Always watch ad video to use
Giving one star due to the tag of "walking to lose weight". This is not helpful and potentially harmful as this app is not a doctor. It takes advantage of society's pressure to lose weight when what's important is overall health, which involves a holistic approach.
This app would be great if it wasn't infuriating due to the fact it quits on its own all the time and you keep walking wo realizing it and when you do you have to reopen app and a bunch of time & distance wasnt recorded
I deleted this app long before it charged me 20 dollars and now I am fighting with them to get my money back this is stupid I would not recommend this app unless you want to though your money away I did delete my subscription but is said it wont delete until September 2019 I want it deleted now and my money back thank you I DO NOT WANT YHIS SUBSCRIPTION I WANT IT TO END NOW AND I WANT MY MONEY BACK NOW!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
charged me £17.99 onto my phone bill without warning, i dont even use it enough to warrent that much of a charge! i want a refund! update I have also emailed you requesting a refund with no response and i have cancelled my subscription... there was no warning that i would be charged, and your advice would be to let people have a free trial and then disable the app until they wish to purchase the subscritption, not just take money from people when they are unaware.
Does not keep tracking once you hit daily target.
Very expensive
Fake app, highly inaccurate, even counts while I'm sitting on the sofa not doing nothing and gives a false report.
app is absolutely awful, just tried it today and my results are .53 mile in 25 mins and 342 cals, first off none of that is remotely possible, i walk a mile to work everyday in literally 25 mins, second no way ur gonna burn 342 cals in 25 mins walking, and third gps had me all over the place and i was zig zagging on a trail and it has me in one solid straight line, has to be the most inaccurate app ive ever used
Pathatic. It's showing 30days free trail but again asking for credit card.
Awful app it waits till you do your details then you have to pay really enfuriated me
Not free don't even get a free 30 day trial as advertised....don't bother. Not gappy as now have to get a refund
Unacurate calculations. If you are seated, the app still calculating your steps. I used this up ones to tried, i walked 30 minutes and only showed me I take 5 steps. I cancel before the free trail and they still charged me. 😡
Definitely a scam, don't buy this - there are no functions apart from step counter!
Without payment not working
Absolutely useless. I did a 1 hour walk which was about 3 miles and it tracked me walking half a mile in 35 mins and on about a fifth of my route. Will be deleting. Glad it was a free trial. Bring back Endomondo!!!
Useless, it cut off tracking as soon as it's time ran out and the timers were so low there is absolutely no point unless you pay for premium and waste the money on finding out what that does! I am very unhappy with it and only had it 2 days!
Unsuitable! Can I please Unsubscribe ?
Yeh, its not free at all, free for 7 days, then you pay to be Todd when to walk
Why have you charged me ₹1350 without consent? I have not even used the app.
The pics are afwaul! I can't understanf what I should do
Not good
Good
I never injured myself until using this app and I have been practicing yoga regularly for the past 8 months, several years on and off. The app tells you to do poses repetitively for 70+ seconds without there being a warm-up. So I strained my muscle today because of no proper warm-up beforehand and doing the warrior 3 pose relatively on one leg for 70 seconds. I also much prefer doing a flow practice but this app is choppy in transitioning to different poses. I don't recommend this app.
ေမာတယ္ေပ်ာ္တယ္အေ့ၾကာတကယ္ေပ်ာ့တယ္
Easy
Cant create custom workout without spending points zzzzz-zzzzzz
When you edit the time for the exercises and press save it says that the time has been saved, but when you do the exercises it is clear that they have gone back to the default settings, even though the screen says the time that you set. Needs to be fixed ASAP.
It's looking nice
I hit finish it congratulated me it gave me points the chart changed but the exercises themselves still said 0% completed.
💪👍
This is not a Yoga app but a good home exercise app.
Very helpful
I stopped after the first exercise because I did not enjoy it. The robotic voice is not good. None of the poses seemed to flow. Was un clear if I was suppose to hold a pose or go in-between normal position and a pose. Uninstalling
Not well explained about the pose and too many advertisements..
this is very bad games So i give only 1 star
Horrible, super annoying app. You've got a lot to learn from Leap Fitness exercise apps.
Low quality app with tiny pictures and badly made useless videos. Installed and uninstalled in 3 minutes it does not worth to keep.
Good
I did not like this app, the excersises were far too advanced for me as I have never done yoga before.
The explanations are given after countdown has started, they are too succinct, you don't know if you have to stay in the pose or repeat it and no mention whatsoever of breathing. Definitely not for beginners!
Fake. Just a bunch of excercise reps. No yoga. Idk why the reviews spike to 4.9 stars when it's FAKE. It must be effective for weight loss but it's still not yoga, just regular exercises.
